What don't we know about hotel rooms?	Hotels; What Don't People Know About X?; 	and should.
What information would you like to know, if you were about to share a Hotel Room with somebody you don't know?	Survey Questions; Social Advice; 	
You are a spy tracking an individual who is staying in a high end hotel. You need to record all audio from his room for the duration of his stay. You have his name but you do not know which room is his. What do you do?	Hypothetical Spying Scenarios and Tradecraft; Espionage and Spying; Spies; Tradecraft; 	
What hotel room on what hotel at what location has the most beautiful view in the world?	Hotel Recommendations; 	In other words, what hotel room has the most stunningly beautiful view?
What is the one thing you do not want to see in your hotel room?	Tourism; Business Travel; Consumer Behavior; Hotels; Travel Hacks; Hotel Management; Travel; 	Gideon Bible does not count
What is a normal tip to leave in a hotel room in the US if any?	Hotels; Manners and Etiquette; Travel; Social Advice; The United States of America; 	
What are some ways to negotiate hotel room prices?	Negotiation; Hotels; Travel Hacks; Travel; 	Besides bundles with flights and whatnot.
What is a recommended travel friendly humidifier for hotel rooms?	Humidifiers; Hotels; Travel; 	
What stops people at hotels from charging to another room (not their own)?	Fraud; Hotels; 	The hotel's bars and restaurants typically have the option to charge it to your room, but they never check to confirm that it's your room.
What technology based amenities would you like in hotel rooms?	Hotels; Technology Trends; Technology; TechCrunch; International Travel; Survey Questions; Travel; 	
What are hotel rooms with two single beds called?	Hotels; 	
What reasons are there for a hotel to say that they don't have any rooms available, but a third party on behalf of the hotel does?	Booking.com; Reservations; Hotels; 	I recently tried to make a reservation of a single room online. I tried twice directly with the hotel and was sent an e-mail twice saying they didn't have any available.  I then called them up to check and was told the same thing; for the period I was looking for they had no single rooms available.  I then went on Booking.com [ http://Booking.com ] and checked the same hotel and they had 6 single rooms available. I thus booked a room through them. Weirdly they charged the exactly same amount as if I'd had booked directly with the hotel (£395 in total).  So assuming Booking.com [ http://Booking.com ] take a cut, that means the hotel in question must be earning less money, even though I was more than happy to book through them directly.  What possible reasons are there for the system to work like this?
What is the first thing hotel guests think of when entering their hotel room?	Travel; Hotels; Hospitality; 	
How do hotels assign rooms?	Hotel Management; Tourism; Hotels; 	Obviously there are factors such as upgrading frequent guests or those with program status, smoking vs. non. Do hotels try to wear-level rooms? Do they try to consolidate rooms on the same floors when less than full, or do they spread guests out?
Why is there a bible in my hotel room?	Religion; Evangelism; Traditions; 	
What are some good hotel room booking services equivalent to OpenTable?	Reservation Services; Booking Systems; Electronic Reservation Booking (ERB); OpenTable; 	
What are the chances of recovering items left in a distant hotel room?	Hotels; Losing and Finding Things; 	Is it usually possible to get them back without going back to the hotel?
What are some good hotels in NYC where rooms have a mirrored ceiling?	Hotel Recommendations; New York City; 	So that I can spot bedbugs without lifting my head, of course.
What's the best/cheapest site to get a hotel room for day-of booking?	Hotels; Travel; Websites; Hotwire; 	I've heard Hotwire is good up til 3pm day of but prices don't seem to change that much.
What would happen if I accidentally left behind a $50 bill in my hotel room?	Money; Hotels; Social and Behavioral Norms; Accidents; 	
What kinds of equipment do - or would - you like to see in a hotel exercise/fitness room?	Travel; Hotel Management; Fitness; Working Out; 	And which hotels have the best?
What hotels in Spain & Portugal offer free wi-fi access in their rooms?	Spain; Portugal; Hotels and Lodging; Free Wi-Fi; 	
What are the benefits of renting vacation rentals vs hotels room?	Travel; Hotels; Vacation Rentals; 	
What is the typical annual profit for a 300 room 4 star hotel?	Hotels; 	Or perhaps a best estimate for a similar sized hotel.
What factors are at play when I check into a hotel and a room is being selected for me?	Hotels; 	Why and how do upgrades happen? Is it better to show up late? Early?
What's the best way to get a free hotel room upgrade?	Hotels; Travel; 	
What hotel brands and properties offer Apple TV as an in room experience?	Online Video; International Travel; Travel; Aloft Hotels; AirPlay (media streaming protocol); Starwood Preferred Guest; Hotels; Apple TV; Transformational Entertainment and Media; 	Is Aloft Bangkok the only property offering Apple TV in room?
What's the name of the beautiful radios in the rooms of the San Fransisco W Hotel?	W Hotels; 	
What's the average value differential of a corner room in a hotel or apartment building?	Apartments; Apartment Rentals; 	Corner rooms generally have more light and space.  Does that add 10%, 20% to their value over non-corner rooms?
What percentage of Las Vegas hotel rooms are occupied on an average night?	Hotels; Las Vegas; 	
What is the best way to book hotel rooms in las vegas for a convention?	Las Vegas; Hotels; 	A client of mine has a trade show to attend to in Vegas from May 30th-June 4th. I'd like to book 5 for my client's team. What is the best way to do convention room bookings? I'm hoping the process and costs (lower) are different than regular, individual bookings.
Is having a single room (in a hotel/apartment/dorm) worth the extra cost? (I know that the answer varies from person to person)	Travel; Dorms; Budget Travel; Hotels; Roommates; Apartments; 	
What is the average amount of time housekeeping spends per room to prepare a hotel room for a new guest?	Hospitality; Cleaning; Hotel Management; Housekeepers; 	3-star hotel, 4-star, or 5-star hotel.
What's the website in Europe that allows travelers to book "hotel" rooms that are really spare rooms at locals' homes?	Travel; Short Term Accommodations; 	It's not a house swapping service or couch surfing, but really functions more like a hotel (you get clean towels, etc)
Why don't hotel rooms have ceiling lights?	Hotel Design and Development; Hotels; Building Codes; Architecture; Fire Protection; Structural Engineering; Lighting; 	
Why don't hotel rooms have recycle bins?	Recycling; Hotels; 	Everywhere else but...
Is it possible to book specific rooms at a hotel?	Hotels; Travel; 	
How many hotel rooms are there in the US?	Hotels; 	
How many hotel rooms are in the world?	Hotels; 	
How are hotel room rates determined?	Business Strategy; 	When you book 5 nights in a hotel, usually each night (for the same room) will have a different price. The price is based on a number of factors including:  * season  * day of the week  * competitor prices   * inventory available Read details at http://www.analyticbridge.com/forum/topics/how-are-hotel-room-rates-determined
What should I know before moving into an "extended stay" hotel?	Hotels; Extended Stay; Hilton Hotels; Marriott; Business Travel; Hotel Management; Travel; Travel Hacks; Relocation; 	While I wait for my house to sell and family to join me, I'm moving into an "extended stay" hotel. Any tips on making the experience a bit more livable, safe, or affordable?
For a last minute CES 2011 traveler, what hotel is best to stay at that still has rooms available?	CES 2011; Travel; 	Yes, I stupidly waited until the last minute. Now need to book a hotel. Which one is best that still has rooms available?
What are the best daily deals startups/web services that offer hotel room deals?	Group Buying and Daily Deal Startups; Hotels; Hospitality; Deals (Daily, Group and Other); 	
What happens to the half-used toilet paper roll left in a hotel room bathroom?	Hotels; 	
What is an acceptable rate per hour that a pianist can charge for playing at hotels, dinning rooms, and functions?	Singers and Musicians; 	This is essentially background music as one would hear in some dinning rooms on cruise liners for example.
What are good ways to update Hotel Room rates from different travel website efficiently?	Booking Systems; 	I have listed my hotel on several travel booking websites, such as booking.com, agoda, expedia, etc. However it is so time consuming to update my hotel rates and availability on each of the website. I heard there are software/tools to submit same rate to all of this website. Does anyone know how?
I discovered my hotel room had bedbugs last night. Now I'm home, on the 'net, and I'm freaking out that I may have brought them with me. What do I do?	Hotels; Pest Control; Insect Control; Bedbugs; 	It had not occurred to me that I could be infesting my house. But about 20 second into an online search on all this I'm realizing I may be screwed. How do I handle this?
What is the most effective way to get a high quality (3+ star) hotel room in a major city at minimal cost?	Travel Hacks; Travel; Hotels; 	
What are the most common items taken\stolen from hotel rooms? Also the most common highest value item - bathrobes?	Hotel Management; 	
What do you think should be the core functionality of a Property Management System for small and medium hotels (up to 50 rooms)?	Survey Questions; Startups; Hotels; 	
Does Room 77 have a salesforce that they use to acquire hotel room inventory?	Booking Systems; Room 77; 	I just noticed that Room 77 rolled out the option to actually book hotel rooms through them. How has Room 77 acquired the inventory, through a salesforce or through some other channel?
How much do non-windowed rooms cost versus windowed rooms in hotels?	Hotels; 	Do hotels discount non-windowed rooms a specific percentage from the price they charge for rooms that have windows?
If your hotel room is a mess, could this make the hotel charge additional fees?	Hotels; 	
How many hotel rooms did Google book in 2010?	Google; Business Statistics; Hotels; 	
How can I get a hotel room for SXSW 2012?	Hotels; SXSWi; Austin, TX; SXSW 2012; SXSW; 	It seems every hotel in downtown Austin is sold out. Does anyone know of some way to find a room within walking distance of the convention center/downtown?
Why do hotels in Japan charge per person, not by room?	Japan; Japanese Culture; Travel; Hotels; 	It's frustrating to me that all accommodation in Japan charges by head, not by overall room price. Is there a specific reason for this kind of system?
When do Austin hotels release rooms that are blocked off by SXSW?	Hotels; Austin, TX; SXSW; SXSW 2011; SXSWi; Hotels in Austin, TX; 	
Is Priceline the cheapest way to buy hotel rooms online?	Price of Things; Priceline; 	
Do hotels/maids prefer that I leave the room cleaned?	Hotels; 	I typically make the bed, wipe down the counters in the bathroom, neatly pile all the towels I need replaced, and tie up the trash bags. I just hate the idea of making someone else clean up after me.
When and why does a hotel decide to offer room service?	Airbnb; International Travel; Hotels; Hotel Management; Startups; Travel; 	Is the cut off usually at a particular size, 200 rooms for example? Is room service offered to make additional revenue or merely to provide a better service to guests?
How come some hotel rooms always smell as new?	Body Odor; Hotel Management; Scents; Hotels; Smell and Smells; Best Hotels; Odor Removal; 	How do some good hotels get rid of the smell left by guests? When you check in at a hotel at 3 pm and enter the room, it smells as nothing has ever happened there, and maybe 2 or 3 hours before that, it was deeply saturated from all kind of smells and odors left from a person or a couple that had just left, you know, perfumes, body odors, clothes odors, etc.  Some people have very strong smells, and they only need some minutes to fill a room with their distinctive scent, good or bad. How come they can stay several days in a hotel room and then you enter and it smells perfectly neutral?
Are there some exercises that I can do in my hotel room that are good overall workouts? 	Exercise; Fitness; 	I travel a lot and don't often have time (or energy) to get to the gym or go out for  a run.
Can a hotel take two people in a single room?	Hotels; 	What if one occupant is registered, and the two occupants (privately) split the cost?
Is there a benefit to casinos pumping oxygen into hotel rooms?	Casinos; 	
Why do hotels not guarantee the safety of your valuables in their guests rooms?	Hotel Management; 	
Do hotels maintain accountability of room service crockery?	Hotels; 	i.e. could an unscrupulous guest lacking furnishings, or someone walking down a hallway, take silverware, plates, etc. from room service trays (used) without those items being traced to individual rooms?
Why do many hotels have copies of the Bible in each room?	Hotels; Religion; Hotels and Lodging; The Bible; 	I've been traveling quite a bit lately, and I've noticed that its common practice for bibles to be left in the nightstands of most hotel rooms. How did this practice start, and why does it seem as common as constructing a building with no real 13th floor?
Do hotels give out the most undesirable rooms at check-in by default? If so, why?	Hotels; 	It seems like whenever I forget to ask or state a preference, I am given a room with no view, at the end of a long hallway etc
Is it common to be unable to fall asleep in a hotel room?	Travel; Sleep; Hotels; 	I have trouble falling asleep in hotel rooms. What can I do about this?
Why are there old phones in the bathrooms of nice hotel rooms?	Amenities; Telephones; Hotels; 	I'm assuming this was some kind of trend over ten years ago. Perhaps there was a fad for catching up with friends while taking care of ...any bathroom-related activity. Or perhaps there were enough heart attacks in the bathroom. Someone enlighten me.
How do I get a hotel to give me a free room upgrade?	Vacations; Hotels; 	We're staying at a hotel this weekend that has been known, according to friends, to give the occasional room upgrade. This is done, as far as I can gather, according to the whim of the front desk clerk. What's the best strategy for jumping on this gravy train? Should we just ask them directly? Be obvious that the occasion our visit is something romantic (which it happens to be)? Any advice is appreciated. Thanks.
How dirty are hotel room toilets and sinks and showers?	Hotels; Cleanliness; 	It varies by hotel, obviously, but do most disinfect everything?
How do hotel room auction sites generate revenue?	E-Commerce; 	With some hotel rooms starting bids at $1, how does it work for both hotels & such auction sites?
Why is there always a bible in every hotel room in the US?	Religion; 	
Do I have the same rights as I would in my homestead when renting a hotel room?	Law Enforcement and the Police; 	what rights do I have if I'm renting a hotel room if a police officer asks to enter the room?  Would my homestead rights to ask for a search warrant still apply?
Why are there no gambling machines in hotel rooms in Las Vegas?	Las Vegas; Gambling; Casinos; 	It seems like the casinos would want you to gamble as much as possible so why isn't there the possibility to do this from your room? Is there a law against it?
Why do so many hotel rooms have stucco ceilings?	Hotels; 	
Why do some Courtyard Marriott hotel rooms have doorbells?	Hotel Design and Development; Marriott; Hotels; 	
What places should I know in Cusco-Peru? (For example: Restaurants, discos, hotels, etc.)	Peru; Travel; Cusco, Peru; 	
What are good tips to know if you are staying at the Ace Hotel for the first time?	Hotels in New York City; Ace Hotel; Hotels; 	
I'm a hotel manager. What do I need to know to transition to managing a hostel, how would it be different?	Hostels; 	
What's the deal with the hotel situation for SXSW Interactive (March 9-14)? We have a group that has been on the SXSW housing waitlist since Sept. I'm getting nervous. Has anyone heard of any hotels that are releasing rooms?	SXSW 2012; 	
What's the one great thing that people would like to see in a hotel room ... that little thing, the one we'd ask, "how hard can it be to provide?" ... that never seems to be there?	Travel; Travel Hacks; International Travel; Amenities; Hotel Design and Development; Hospitality; Hotels; Hotel Management; 	
Who are some popular musicians with a reputation for trashing hotel rooms while on tour?	Music; 	Are there any notorious examples? Were they permanently banned from the hotel? Were they sued? Arrested?
Looking to rent a condo/hotel room in South Beach in April. Any recommendations?	Hotels; Housing; 	Budget - $500/night. Want to be near night life. Also, traveling with an 18 month old, so room/condo with kitchen would be ideal.
Why do newly built hotels install ice machines near guest rooms?	Hotels; Amenities; 	Why do luxury hotels often fill guest room ice buckets each evening? Do people in hotels consume much ice?
Why are single king and double queen hotel rooms typically priced the same?	Hotel Management; 	
Why do hotel rooms often have few, or inconveniently located electrical outlets?	Hotels; 	Many of the hotel rooms I've stayed in have had very few sets of plugs available, and some that have a reasonable number have them located far away from the beds. Is there any particular reason why this is the case?
Do hotel cleaning people sometimes steal items from the rooms of their guests?	Crime; Hotel Management; Travel; Theft; Hotels; 	
Can I negotiate with the Ritz Carlton hotel regarding their room costs?	Hotels; Ritz-Carlton; 	
Is it worth renting a place on vacation, or should I just book a hotel room?	Hotels; Rentals; Vacations; Vacation Rentals; Travel; Apartment Rentals; 	What things should you take into consideration when making a decision?
Can you record hotel room reservation if paid by reward points as business expense?	Business Taxes; Hotels; Business Travel; Accounting; 	The room reservation is for a business trip, but I'm using my reward points to pay for it. Can I still record it as business expense for tax purposes? If so, what would I need to justify the price? Thanks.
Why do Chinese hotels often ask if you want a room on the fourth (4th) floor?	Travel and Tourism in China; Hotels; 	I've traveled to China a few times, and even though I already have a room reserved, I often get asked if I want a room on the 4th floor.
How do I resolve overcharges for additional nights/rooms after a stay in a hotel?	Hotels; Hotel Overcharges; 	A hotel I stayed at for three nights keeps authorizing charges for additional nights. Even after discussing the issues with the front desk yesterday while checking out and having been told there wouldn't be more charges, another authorization showed up on the card just last night.  This is not a case of using the minibar or damaging the room, these authorizations are for extra nights. There are now 5 authorizations in addition to the 1 valid authorization. Is there anything I can do to prevent further authorizations? Should I bother engaging with the hotel or deal with this via my credit card?
As a hotel guest, do you feel weird being in the room when the housekeeping staff are cleaning it?	Maids; Hospitality; Travel; Survey Questions; Manners and Etiquette; Hotels; 	For housekeeping folks, do you feel weird if the guest is in the room while you're working?  For both: is it acceptable for a guest to be in the hotel room when it's being cleaned? What's the etiquette?
Which hotels in Las Vegas have the best in room guest Internet?	Las Vegas; 	
Do hotels have rules about whether cleaning staff can clean a room while you are in it?	Hotels; Hotel Management; 	In Bangkok, housekeeping showed up about an hour after I called for it, and I have been sitting in a bath robe trapped in a corner of the room while he cleans, trying to remain as clothed as possible.  However, in Las Vegas, I remember the hotel requiring that everyone leave the room during cleaning, as some kind of policy (this was during a hacker convention, and maybe they were afraid of assaults on staff).  What is the usual policy?
How do boutique hotels ensure they have high room occupancy rates?	Boutique Hotels; Travel; E-Commerce; Hotels; 	Bigger hotels can block sell their inventory to Orbitz, Priceline, Expedia and other online brokers. For a boutique hotels with say 4 to 20 rooms, this doesn't seem feasible.   Also, publicly slashing prices won't go down well with your regular customers or may bring in the wrong type of customer which might harm your reputation.  What are boutique hotels doing to make sure their rooms don't remain empty? Anonymously slashing prices through platforms for flash sales? Mystery Hotel deals? HotelTonight?
How do the wireless hotel key card room locks communicate?	Keys; Hotels; How Does X Work?; 	
Does "bribing" the hotel desk clerk actually work in terms of getting room upgrades?	Hotels and Lodging; Hotels; Bribery; 	I've read that slipping many desk clerks a $20 bill at time of check-in can actually result in room upgrades (if available). Is this true?
Why are people reluctant to drink the tap water in US hotel rooms?	Tap Water; Water; Drinking Water; Travel; Hotels; 	People when traveling buy bottled water when staying in hotel rooms when tap water is perfectly safe.
Why don't hotels ask for ID when issuing a new room key?	Travel; Hotels and Lodging; Hotels; 	I have been travelling in hotels for some time, and was wondering if others had this experience and/or gave it any thought?
How do hotels discover the proper premium for room service to maximize profit?	Pricing; Economics; Room Service; Hotels; 	This is a follow-up question to Why is room service so ridiculously expensive? [ http://www.quora.com/Why-is-room-service-so-ridiculously-expensive ].
Why do I often come across hotel rooms without toilet plungers?	Bathrooms; Hotel Management; Hotels; Toilets; 	Is it common for hotels to not have plungers? What's the reason for this?
How hotel maintain room inventories with so many OTA'S? Do they use some software etc?	Travelocity; Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Room 77; Travelguru; Hotels; Expedia; 	We want to become aggregators for hotel room booking but bit different. Like to know how hotel's maintain room inventories with OTAS. How they update so many booking done via online, offline, direct walkin. Do they use particular software or different software for different agencies.
How often are hotel rooms reserved beforehand vs. walk in/bought the night of?	Hotels; Travel; 	
Is there a chance that the vacuum cleaner of the people who clean your hotel room could suck up items that you have?	Hotels; 	
How many people in 2010 booked hotel rooms online?	Hotels; Travel Startups and Companies; Online Shopping; 	or in previous years ?
Why do hotels ask how many people will stay in a room?	Hotels; Travel; 	
Will most hotels deliver condoms to your room if you call reception and tell them you forgot to bring them?	Hotels; 	
When you travel for business with coworkers do you normally share a hotel room?	Business Travel; 	Is it normal to expect employees to share hotel rooms? Professional sports team do it. Does this expectation change as a company goes from startup to big company?
How do you get into the Boom Boom Room at the Standard Hotel in NYC?	Hotels in New York City; Nightlife in New York City; The Standard (hotel); Andre Balazs; 	It's now a private club for friends of Andre Balazs, but is there still a way to get in?
Should I pick a hotel room that has sound proof walls or just regular walls and why?	Hotels; Apartment Rentals; Apartments; Rentals; Travel; 	I was just wondering what most business people prefer when they pick a hotel.or a place to stay. Is it better for focusing on work or does it not really matter to you?
Where can I buy the robes available in the rooms at the Ace Hotel in Portland?	Ace Hotel; Portland, OR; 	They're grey with a hood
How long should it take to clean an hotel room in the right way?	Hotels; Hotel Management; Cleaning; 	daily cleaning and new guest cleaning
How do hotels react when you book a room for one person but end up bringing someone else back to your room?	Hotels; Travel; 	I've never done this myself, so I don't know, but there seems to be a stereotypical scenario where someone goes to a new city on business, meets someone at a local nightlife spot, and brings said person back to the hotel room.  (I have once let a friend crash at my hotel room, and once been the friend crashing at a hotel room, after a night of drinking.)  What do hotels think about this sort of situation?  Do they feel like you're trying to get away with something?  Are you technically supposed to notify them to increase your rate for that night?  Or is this just accepted practice?  Also, I'd be interested if there's any difference between the national hotel chains versus independent hotels.
How does jetsetter and agoda work? Do they purchase rooms or manually check with hotels for availability? As all hotels use different booking systems.	Booking Systems; Travel Websites; Startups; How Does X Work?; 	
What are the questions used in a fun filled team activity to get to know the team outside a discussion room?	Leadership Development; Human Behavior; Team Building; People Management; Leadership; 	Greetings All, I work as a team leader and would be taking over a new team in a week. I would want to have a fun filled questioner for the team members to see how well they know each other, what would they want etc. what are you waiting for? just add a funny question and lets see if we have a awesome list! Thanks :)
How do you know if with your door shut you don't get enough oxygen in your room and what's the impact such as in case there's too much CO2?	Home Improvement; Architecture; Civil Engineering; 	
How does a hotel website "know" what is available and what is not? How does the system get updated so quickly?	Web Design; Web Development; Computer Programming; 	
There are 50 people in a room, you don't know any of them: how do you ensure they all meet each other?	Meeting New People; Ice Breakers; 	What are some effective and engaging exercises or ice breakers to help introduce everyone to each other? so at the end of the interaction, everyone will want to add each other on Facebook.
Do you know of any room fragrancer that doubles as a decoration? I need one.	Home Improvement; Survey Questions; 	
Does any one know a good green hotel in jaipur, India?	Travel; 	
Why would someone want to know the worst hotel somewhere?	Hotels; Travel; Hotel Recommendations; 	What are they hoping to gain from the answer?
I want to know how is Taj Exotica hotel in Goa?	Travel; Hotels; 	
How does the Four Seasons know your name before you check into the hotel?	Customer Service; Four Seasons Hotels & Resorts; Luxury Hotels; 	
Anyone know of an available hotel in Cannes from 21st-24th June?	Cannes, Côte d'Azur, France; International Travel; Hotels; 	I need to book a hotel for my boss (Director level) who has now decided to attend the Cannes Lions festival in France in June
Is there any beach hotel in Kanyakumari or a sea front hotel? What are the rates for such hotels?	Travel; 	
What are the hotels in Pittsburgh most like the Ace Hotel or a W Hotel?	Pittsburgh; 	
Pune hotels - any feedback on o-hotel  - what are the rates?	Travel; Pune, Maharashtra, India; Hotels; 	
What is the combined hotel occupancy of all the hotels on the Strip?	Hotels in Las Vegas; Las Vegas; 	
What synonyms are there for "meeting room"?	Offices; Interior Design; 	
What should I do if my roommate has a furby in our room?	Roommates; 	HELP
What is chat room?	Chat (text, voice, video); 	
What is it like to have a spider in your room?	What Does It Feel Like to X?; Spiders; 	
What is a virtual reality room?	Smart Home; Virtual Reality Room; Virtual Reality; 	
What is the room temperature of space?	Outer Space; 	How does the the temperature drop so suddenly when in the suns shadow. Is there some other force cooling the universe, like air conditioning at a larger scale.
What is the elephant in the room?	Idioms; 	
What is it like to have a maggot in your room?	What Does It Feel like to Have X as a Pet?; Roommates; 	
What are some good chat rooms?	Chat (text, voice, video); Online Services; 	This is a follow-up question to Where can one find the shallowest conversations on the Internet nowadays? [ http://www.quora.com/Where-can-one-find-the-shallowest-conversations-on-the-Internet-nowadays ].
What is the optimal room temperature?	Medicine and Healthcare; Health and Wellness; Houses; 	
What do you think about Academic Room?	Online Education; Online Higher Education; Coursera; Academic Earth; Open Online Courses; Academic Room; Survey Questions; Higher Education; Future of Education; 	Academic Room is a social platform providing resources, people and opportunities for specific disciplines at one location.  Academics and subject matter experts can create highly specialized communities that can be enriched with profiles, video lectures, bibliographies, articles, books, reviews, images, dissertations, blogs and groups.
What color should I paint my room?	Interior Design; 	
Broadway & theater: Do any websites provide reviews of theater seats similar to Seat Guru does for airline seats and Room 77 does foe hotel rooms?	Reviews; Broadway Productions; Seating; Event Tickets; Theatre; 	It's difficult to figure out where the good seats are. On Broadway some premium or "house seats" have put me close to the stage but unable to look deep inside the set or facing away from most of the action taking place on stage. Surely there is someone out there building a reliable and perhaps crowdsourced resource that provides updated info about theater seats. I just can't seem to find it...
In The Hangover,  at the start of the movie, who is the girl in the pink dress who is leaving the hotel room right before the guys wake up? Why was she sneaking out of the room?	Movies; The Hangover (2009 movie); 	
What is the best hotel in Prague?	Prague, Czech Republic; 	
What's the worst hotel in Asturias?	Hotels; Travel; Asturias, Spain; Europe; 	
What's the worst hotel in France?	France; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Moscow?	Moscow, Russia; Hotel Recommendations; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Serbia?	Serbia; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Manchester?	Manchester, Greater Manchester, UK; 	
What's the worst hotel in Toronto?	Canada; Travel; Toronto, ON; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Manila?	Manila; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Orlando?	Hotels; Orlando, FL; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bangladesh?	Travel; Bangladesh; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Skopje?	Hotels; Skopje, Macedonia; Republic of Macedonia; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Kiev?	Travel; Kyiv; Ukraine; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Valparaíso?	Hotels; Valparaíso, Chile; Chile; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Uzbekistan?	Uzbekistan; Asia; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Singapore?	Hotels; Travel; Singapore; 	
What's the worst hotel in Moorea?	Moorea; Hotels; French Polynesia; Travel; 	
What thing do you hate the most about hotels?	Hotels and Lodging; Hotels; Lodging; Hotel Management; Survey Questions; Bed and Breakfast; 	
What are the best hotels in Melbourne?	Melbourne, Victoria, Australia; Travel; 	
What are the best hotels in Barcelona?	Hotels; 	
What are the most unique hotels in the world?	Travel and Tourism in Europe; Best Photographs of X; Travel; International Travel; Hotels; 	
What are the good hotels in Seoul?	South Korea; 	
What hotels have the most comfortable beds?	Beds and Mattresses; Hotels; 	Inspired by Martijn Sjoorda [ http://www.quora.com/Martijn-Sjoorda ]'s reflections on hotel bed comfort, where can one reliably find it?  Martijn Sjoorda's answer to Travel: What's the one great thing that people would like to see in a hotel room ... that little thing, the one we'd ask, "how hard can it be to provide?" ... that never seems to be there? [ http://www.quora.com/Travel/Whats-the-one-great-thing-that-people-would-like-to-see-in-a-hotel-room-that-little-thing-the-one-wed-ask-how-hard-can-it-be-to-provide-that-never-seems-to-be-there/answer/Martijn-Sjoorda ]
What hotel is pictured here?	Hotels; 	It is an SPG property. Just got it in an email.  
What's the best hotel in hakone?	Hotels; 	
What is the best hotel in Strasbourg?	Hotels; 	In France looking for a four or five star hotel
What are some guidelines for tipping at hotels?	Tipping; 	Do you tip the housekeeping staff based on a percentage of the room rate? Is it important to leave the tip daily, instead of at the end of the stay? What about other people you encounter at the hotel?
What are some budget hotels in Manali?	Travel; Manali, Himachal Pradesh, India; Travel and Tourism in India; 	My uncle is planning a trip to Manali with his family. He is confused about the booking of hotels.
What's the best hotel in Budapest?	Travel; Budapest; Hungary; Hotels; 	This is a followup question to What's the worst hotel in Budapest? [ http://www.quora.com/Whats-the-worst-hotel-in-Budapest ]
What's the best hotel in Madrid?	Best Hotels; Madrid, Spain; Hotels; Hotel Recommendations; Spain; 	
What are the best hotels in Honolulu?	Hawaii (state); Travel and Tourism in Hawaii; Travel; Honolulu, HI; 	
What is the best Hotel in Taormina?	Hotel Recommendations; Taormina; Sicily, Italy; 	
What's the worst hotel in Brussels?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Japan?	Travel; Hotels; Japan; 	Please explain why.
What's the worst hotel in Mumbai?	Travel; Mumbai; India; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Jordan?	Hotels; Travel; Jordan; 	
What's the worst hotel in Patagonia?	Argentina; Patagonia; Chile; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Minsk?	Travel; Belarus; Hotels; Minsk; 	
What's the worst hotel in Valencia?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Sarajevo?	Bosnia and Herzegovina; Europe; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Brisbane?	Travel; Brisbane, Queensland, Australia; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Iran?	Travel; Hotels; Iran; 	
What's the worst hotel in Zimbabwe?	Travel; Hotels; Zimbabwe; 	
What's the worst hotel in Malawi?	Malawi; Worst of X; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Guatemala?	Hotels; Central America; Travel; Guatemala; 	
What's the worst hotel in Anguilla?	Travel; Hotels; Anguilla; 	
What's the worst hotel in Istanbul?	Hotels; Travel; Turkey (country); Istanbul; 	
What's the worst hotel in Malta?	Travel; Malta; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Arequipa?	Peru; Arequipa; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Manaus?	Hotels; Brazil; Travel; Manaus, Brazil; 	
What's the worst hotel in Myanmar?	Myanmar (Burma); Hotels; Travel; Asia; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bangkok?	Travel; Bangkok; Hotels; Thailand; 	
What's the worst hotel in Phuket?	Thailand; Phuket; Travel; Hotels; 	
What is Amic Hotels Mallorca?	Spain; Mediterranean Sea; Majorca; Hotels; Travel Agents; Balearic Islands; 	
What's the best hotel in Tahiti?	Best Hotels; Tahiti; Holidays; Hotels; 	Going to Tahiti in May and have yet to book a hotel before cruise.
What is the best hotel in the world?	Best Hotels; Hotels; 	
What is the most luxurious hotel in Kurdistan?	Kurdistan; Hotels; Kurdistan Hotel; 	
What's your favourite hotel in Edinburgh?	Travel and Tourism in the UK; Edinburgh, UK; 	
What is your worst hotel experience?	Survey Questions; Travel Hacks; Hotels; Worst of X; Hospitality; 	After reading about a stranger walked into a locked hotel room with a woman alone inside, I am thinking about locking every single lock I have on my hotel room in the future. What is your worst hotel experience? My worst experience would be staying at a windowless room at a hotel in Shanghai
What are the cheapest hotels in HK?	Hong Kong; 	
What's the coolest hotel in Istanbul?	Travel; Hotels; Turkey (country); Istanbul; 	Arguably a slightly different question (and answer) than Travel: What is the best hotel in Istanbul? [ http://www.quora.com/Travel/What-is-the-best-hotel-in-Istanbul-2 ] ; )
What do hotels do with the leftover soap?	Hotels; 	All those mini-soaps - how are they recycled, if at all? What about the other toiletries?
What is the best Hotel PMS?	What Is the Best X Application for Y?; Hotel Management; 	
What is the most luxurious hotel in India?	Travel; Hotels; India; 	
What is the best hotel in Maui?	Maui; Travel; Hotel Recommendations; Hotels; 	
What is the most luxurious hotel in the world?	Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in London?	Hotel Recommendations; London, UK; Hotels; Hotels in London; 	
What's the worst hotel in Turku?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Belgrad?	Serbia; Belgrade; Travel; Hotel Recommendations; 	
What's the worst hotel in Puebla?	Travel; Puebla; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Jamaica?	Jamaica; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Nepal?	Kathmandu; Travel; Hotels; Kathmandu, Nepal; Nepali; Nepal; 	
What's the worst hotel in Peru?	Travel; South America; Peru; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Lima?	Travel; Lima, Peru; Hotels; South America; 	
What's the worst hotel in Montevideo?	Uruguay; Montevideo; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in the world?	The World; Management; Hotels; Hotel Management; 	
What's the worst hotel in Antalya?	Travel; Hotels; Antalya, Turkey; Turkey (country); 	
What's the worst hotel in Karachi?	Hotels; Travel; Pakistan; Karachi,  Pakistan; Asia; 	
What's the worst hotel in Hawaii?	Hawaii (state); Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Valetta?	Malta; Travel; Hotels; Valetta; 	
What are the best hotels in Bali?	Bali, Indonesia; Indonesia; Travel; Thailand; 	
What's the best hotel on Maui?	Hotels and Lodging; Hawaii (state); Hotels; Maui; 	Looking to arrange a family vacation on Maui.  Our kids are 8 and 5.  have stayed at the grand Hyatt on Kauai, looking for something similar.
What's the best hotel in Calgary?	Hotels; Travel and Tourism in Canada; Calgary, AB; 	The answer to this question does not necessarily hinge on luxury or opulence.  I'd appreciate it if repliers would factor in location (proximity to downtown), convenience and cost.
What are the best hotels in Taipei?	International Travel; Taiwan; What Are the Best Hotels in X City?; Luxury Hotels; Taipei; Best Hotels; Travel in Asia; 	
What does it take to start a hotel?	Vacations; Real Estate; Commercial Real Estate; Hotels; International Travel; Travel; 	In terms of finding location, development, building, etc.
What is the best hotel in Gettysburg?	Hotels; Gettysburg, PA; 	
What are some things that I have to bring to a hotel?	Hotels; 	And things that I don't have to bring?  E.g. I probably don't need to bring a towel. What about shampoo?
What are the best hotels in Berlin?	Hotels; International Travel; Travel; Tourism; Berlin; 	This question is intended to become a guide for Berlin accomodations. So, please divide your answers, or classify them, in the following categories:  - Luxury (Big 5-star chains) - Cool/Trendy Luxury (still 5-star, very luxurious, but hip and trendy) - Cool/Trendy in a budget (cool hotels that don´t cost so much) - Plain budget deals with a minimum of coolness (hostels, great deals, but attractive to average Quora users)
What is the difference between a hotel and a motel?	Hospitality; Hotels; Motel; Hotel Management; 	Yes, we know one is bigger than the other, but what really differentiates the two?  Architecture, services provided, etc.?  Where is the line?
What are good Hotels in Praha?	Hotels; 	
What hotels in NYC don't have bedbugs?	Travel; Hotels in New York City; Bedbugs; Hotels; New York City; 	
What should I look for in a hotel in Paris?	France; Paris; 	Looking for a nice hotel for our first time in Paris.  Location recommendations, things to look out for, and specific recommendations would be much appreciated.
What's the worst hotel in Pamplona?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Paris?	Hotels; Travel; Paris; Europe; France; 	
What's the worst hotel in Switzerland?	Switzerland; Hotel Recommendations; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Andorra?	Andorra; Hotels and Lodging; 	
What's the worst hotel in Russia?	Hotels; Russia; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Glasgow?	Worst of X; Hotels; Glasgow, UK; 	
What's the worst hotel in the USA?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Seoul?	Seoul; South Korea; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Melbourne?	Travel; Melbourne, Victoria, Australia; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Reunion?	Réunion (France); France; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Beirut?	Beirut, Lebanon; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Lebanon?	Lebanon; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bansko?	Travel; Bansko, Bulgaria; Bulgaria; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Corsica?	Corsica, France; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bogotá?	Hotels; Travel; Bogota; 	
What's the worst hotel in Lanzarote?	Canary Islands; Lanzarote; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in T'bilisi?	Hotels; Georgia (country); Asia; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Taipei?	Asia; China; Hotels; Taipei; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Lithuania?	Lithuania; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Vilnius?	Travel; Lithuania; Hotels; Vilnius, Lithuania; 	
What's the worst hotel in Tallinn?	Estonia; Hotels; Tallinn, Estonia; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Belarus?	Hotels; Belarus; Travel; 	
What's the best hotel in Asturias?	Hotels; Quality; What Are the Best Hotels in X City?; Spain; Asturias, Spain; 	quality/price/kindness/etc..
What's the worst hotel in Madrid?	Hotels; Madrid, Spain; 	
What's the worst hotel in Amsterdam?	Hotels in Amsterdam; Amsterdam; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Cairo?	Hotels; Travel; Cairo; Egypt; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bulgaria?	Bulgaria; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Greece?	Greece; Travel and Tourism in Greece; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Thessaloniki?	Travel and Tourism in Greece; Thessaloniki, Greece; Greece; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Indonesia?	Hotels; Travel; Indonesia; 	
What's the worst hotel in Tonga?	Travel; South Pacific; Hotels; Tonga; 	
What's the worst hotel in Lisbon?	Hotels; Europe; Travel; Portugal; Lisbon; 	
What are the cheapest hotels in Philadelphia?	Hotels; Philadelphia; 	
What is a great hotel in Vancouver?  	Hotels; Travel; Vancouver, BC; 	what is the best hotel under $150 in Vancouver, B.C.?
What is a great hotel in Yokohama?	Hotels and Lodging; Hotel Recommendations; Travel and Tourism in Japan; Hotels; Japan; Yokohama, Japan; 	
What's the worst hotel in Miami?	Hotels; Miami; Travel; The United States of America; 	
What's the worst hotel in Marrakech?	Marrakesh; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Casablanca?	Travel; Casablanca, Morocco; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Cameroun?	Cameroon; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Angola?	Travel; Hotels; Angola; 	
What's the worst hotel in Mozambique?	Travel; Hotels; Mozambique; 	
What's the worst hotel in Cusco?	Peru; Hotels; Cusco, Peru; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Tahiti?	Hotels; French Polynesia; 	
What's the worst hotel in Hanoi?	Travel; Hotels; Hanoi, Vietnam; 	
What's the worst hotel in Mallorca?	Majorca; Travel; Hotels; Balearic Islands; 	
What's the worst hotel in Budapest?	Hotels; Travel; Budapest; Europe; Hungary; 	
What's the worst hotel in Borneo?	Asia; Borneo; Hotels; Travel; 	
What is the best hotel in Edinburgh?	International Travel; Edinburgh, UK; Scotland; Hotel Recommendations; 	
What are the best hotels in Amsterdam?	Luxury Hotels; Amsterdam; Hotels; 	
What is the best hotel in Istanbul?	Travel; 	
What are some luxury cheap hotels?	Deals (Daily, Group and Other); Luxury Hotels; Hotel Recommendations; Hotels; 	The question came upon me when I came accross a beautiful 5 star hotel in Bulgaria, a former governmental residence, where you can spend a night with a surprising EUR 23 per person: http://www.arbanassipalace.bg/main/index.php?lang=en
What are good Hotels in Dresden?	Hotels; 	
What citizenM Hotels  stands for?	Brands and Branding; citizenM Hotels; 	
What are some good hotels in Florida?	Florida; Hotels in Florida; Hotel Recommendations; What Are the Best Hotels in X City?; 	
What makes a hotel good?	Hotels; 	Except for places please. I mean it's about service and equipment.
What's the worst hotel in Kyoto?	Hotels; Kyoto, Japan; Travel; Japan; 	
What's the worst hotel in Nicaragua?	Nicaragua; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Venezuela?	Venezuela; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bolivia?	Hotels; Travel; Bolivia; 	
What's the worst hotel in Menorca?	Balearic Islands; Travel; Hotels; Minorca; 	
What is the best hotel in Lisbon?	Hotels; International Travel; Lisbon; 	
What is the most prestigious hotel in Paris?	Paris; 	I'm looking for an impressive, five-star, prestigious hotel in Paris to impress a client - one which is synonymous with luxury. Anyone got any good suggestions?
What is the best hotel in Gdansk?	Travel Advice; Hotel Recommendations; Gdansk; Poland; 	
What's a good hotel in Lille?	Hotels; Hotel Recommendations; Lille; 	Looking for something not too corporate
What are some quiet hotels in NYC?	Hotels in New York City; New York City; Hotel Recommendations; 	
What do I do if I can't afford my hotel bill?	Hotels; Personal Finance; 	I'm checking out soon, and while I'm good for it in the long-run, I won't have the balance in my account & I have no credit card.
What's the worst hotel in Tehran?	Tehran, Iran; Travel; Hotels; Iran; Asia; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bamako?	Travel; Bamako, Mali; Hotels; 	
What is the worst hotel in Amman?	Jordan; Amman, Jordan; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Balears?	Hotels; Spain; Balearic Islands; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Antofagasta?	Chile; Antofagasta, Chile; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Copenhagen?	Copenhagen; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bucharest?	Bucharest, Romania; Hotels; Travel; Romania; 	
What's the worst hotel in Berlin?	Travel; Europe; Hotels; Germany; 	
What's the worst hotel in Germany?	Travel; Germany; Europe; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Agadir?	Travel; Morocco; Hotels; Agadir, Morocco; 	
What's the worst hotel in Caracas?	Caracas, Venezuela; Venezuela; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Paraguay?	Travel; Paraguay; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Fuerteventura?	Canary Islands; Hotels; Travel; Fuerteventura; 	
What's the worst hotel in Ibiza?	Travel; Hotels; Balearic Islands; Ibiza, Spain; 	
What's the worst hotel in Iquique?	Hotels; Travel; Iquique, Chile; Chile; 	
What's the worst hotel in Osorno?	Chile; Hotels; Osorno, Chile; 	
What's the worst hotel in Rïga?	Hotels; Travel; Riga, Latvia; Latvia; 	
What is a cool hotel in Glasgow?	Travel; Glasgow, UK; 	
What are good Hotels in Paris?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Sevilla?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in UK?	Hotels; Europe; United Kingdom; 	
What's the worst hotel in Stockholm?	Sweden; Europe; Hotels; Travel; Stockholm, Sweden; 	
What's the worst hotel in Zagreb?	Zagreb, Croatia; Europe; International Travel; Croatia; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Johannesburg?	Johannesburg, South Africa; South Africa; Hotels; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Bratislava?	Bratislava; Travel; Hotels; Slovakia; 	
What is the best hotel in Brisbane?	International Travel; Brisbane, Queensland, Australia; Travel; 	I have a large budget. I was wondering what everyone thinks of hotels in Brisbane.
What are some mindblowing facts about hotels?	Hotels; Survey Questions; Recreation and Leisure; 	
What's the worst hotel in Barcelona?	Spain; Barcelona, Spain; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Granada?	Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in Houston?	Hotels; Travel; Houston, TX; The United States of America; 	
What's the worst hotel in Auckland?	New Zealand; Travel; Auckland, New Zealand; Hotels; 	
What are the coolest hotels in Carmel?	Hotels; San Francisco Bay Area; San Francisco; Travel; Bay Area Vacations; Carmel, CA; 	Can be broken down in Romantic, Sophisticated, Luxury, or whatever classification.
What's the worst hotel in Mauritius?	Mauritius; Travel; Hotels; 	
What's the worst hotel in India?	Hotels; India; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in Tenerife?	Tenerife; Hotels; Travel; Canary Islands; 	
What's the worst hotel in Barbados?	Hotels; Caribbean Islands; Travel; Barbados; 	
What are good Hotels in Munich?	Hotels; 	
I'm curious to know what would happen if you put a pathological narcissist, a psychopath and a stable minded person in a room together? which one would crack first?	Psychology; 	
Can a hotel in Texas refuse to give guest personal belongings if they have not paid for a room damage?	Hotels; 	I recently had a guest who smoked in an non-smoking room and while smoking they put cigarette holes in the bedspread. The guest was informed of the room being a non-smoking room and of a fine of $100 if the guest smokes in the room. When they were caught smoking, we asked them to move to a smoking room and pay $160 for smoking in a non-smoking room and $60 for damaging the bedspread. The guest refused to pay for the damages and called police so that they would get into their room to gather their personal belongings.  When the police came, I informed them of the situation, but one of the officer said we can not legally keep a guest belongings.  I think this is wrong because some states have innkeepers law, where hoteliers are allowed to keep personal belongings till they get paid.  I am not sure if this is the case in Texas, I would appreciate your help!
How long after checkout time can I leave my hotel room without incurring fees or hassle?	Late Checkout; Hotels; 	...aside from calling the front desk and asking for a late checkout.
How should I say "666" (ex. when saying my hotel room number) in English to avoid meaning the number of the beast?	Religion; English (language); 	I'm learning English. I'd stayed at a hotel in Greece. My room number was 666. I was very embarrassed. Can I say "six six six" or "six hundred sixty-six"? I don't think so. Could you tell me how to say, pronounce or express?
When Brody is getting arrested in the hotel room, why does Carrie loudly tell him "I loved you!"?	Homeland (TV series); 	
How does Airbnb's "Instant Book" option work? Can I feel as confident booking using it as I am when booking a hotel room?	Airbnb; Reservations; Booking; Reservation Management; Airbnb Instant Book Feature; 	
For venues within a hotel (restaurant, bar, function room etc) is it better to create a new domain for each or a subdomain?	Search Engine Optimization (SEO); 	
In The Hangover,  they say that you can't open hotel room windows in Las Vegas. Is this true? If yes, why not?	Movies; Las Vegas; Hotels; The Hangover (2009 movie); 	
Did Mike Tyson get to pick the song that played during the scene when he broke into the guys' hotel room?	Movies; The Hangover (2009 movie); 	Is In The Air Tonight by Phil Collins one of Tyson's favorite songs or was the song chosen by the writers to fit with his punch to Stu?
Why do so many luxury hotels still charge for wifi while others happily include it in the room rate?	Hotels; 	
Should you sleep naked (like at home) when sharing a hotel/motel room with friends of the same/opposite sex?	Manners and Etiquette; 	
Is there a Jetsetter type daily deal site for luxury hotel rooms? (Penthouses, suites, etc.)	Travel; Hotels; 	
Can you help me find a deal on a Vegas hotel room from July 30 to August 7?	Travel; Travel Hacks; Nightlife in Las Vegas; Las Vegas; 	Cheapest/best I've found is $500 for Imperial Palace. ($456 pretax). I've tried Vegas.com and Harrahs.com.
Why, on some OTA (such as Expedia), some hotels are always marked with room unavailable, whatever the date I choose (or length of stay)?	Hotels; Expedia; Travel; 	does this mean that Expedia is just listing the hotel but does not have any way to book the hotel? (basically no agreement with them)
In an older damp room with wooden furniture, how do hotels keep away molds from growing on the wall?	Hotels; Mold; Wood; Hotel Management; 	additionally what kind of air freshener is usually used to avoid that musty smell from old furniture?
Is it good marketing and economics to give those using discount websites the worst rooms in a half empty hotel?	Hotels; Hotel Management; Behavioral Economics; Hotel Marketing; Price Discrimination; Marketing; Economics; 	I often use Hotel Tonight and Hotwire to book rooms at the last minute.  In virtually all cases I arrive to a half empty hotel and are clearly given one of the worst rooms.  On the one hand this seems like a very bad idea, since it's no more effort for them to make me happier by allocating one of the many  rooms with a nicer view, larger floor area etc, and thus give me a better experience , make me likely to tell others, stay again, etc.  On the other hand it's a bad idea as it trains me to keep using discount sites, and they are basically using a form of "first-degree price discrimination" to maximise profits.  What is the best strategy?
In the GoT season 2 finale, when Daenerys is walking through her vision in the house of the undying, is she aware of the implications of what she is seeing? Does she know that's the throne room at king's landing (I assume she hasn't seen it since she was a baby), does she know that's the gate at the wall, etc?	Game of Thrones (TV series); 	
The book The Power of Habit, is amazing and has resonated with a lot of people.   Can anyone think of some ways that hotels and other hospitality offerings serving longer term guests could help guests with habit changes and profit at the same time?  In room spin bike?  On call success coach included with the package?  A copy of the book included with their stay?  What are your thoughts?	Health and Wellness; Hotels; Business; Survey Questions; 	
What is the optimal room temperature for offices?	Malaysia; Productivity; Behavior; Room Temperature; Offices; 	In tropical countries (eg Malaysia), air conditioning is often set to be freezing cold.  How does one determine the optimal office temperature?
What is the most gratifying way to clean a room?	Cleaning; Housekeepers; 	
What does it feel like to be the only vegetarian in the room?	What Does It Feel Like to X?; Food; Vegetarianism; 	
What are the best tricks to take over a room?	Charisma; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Social Advice; Self-Improvement; 	The charismatic sort of takeover, not hostile.
What's the best tea room in Montreal?	Montréal, QC, Canada; Tea; 	
What are the important components of a great room?	Interior Design; Construction; 	
What are some tips for renting out room in my house?	Renting (a home); Home Ownership; Landlords; 	Thinking of renting a room out in my house. I just bought a 3 bed 2 bath house and want to rent one of the rooms out to help with my mortgage. Part of me says that the amount that I can get for renting the house might not be worth having to deal with living with someone. The other part of me says that I should try to rent out a room b/c I could use the money.   What are some tips for renting out a room? (screening, rental agreements, etc.?) Any good websites to review?
What are the possibilities of artificial daylight in a room?	Lighting; 	I have a room that is a darkish (due to small windows) to such an extent that I always need to have lights switched on. What kind of light setup can I install to have light during to have light that most closely resembles daylight? What are the limitations? The room isn't very big, its dimensions are  4m*5m*2.80m
What are efficient ways to soundproof a room?	Building Materials; Soundproofing; Construction; Residential Construction; Civil Engineering; 	Efficient enough to use while recording. I'll be building some walls for this project so building materials and insulation tips are welcomed as are tips for the acoustics of the room. Also any add ons to the room that may help
What is the most gratifying way to organize a room?	Interior Design; Home Decor; New York City; Feng Shui; 	
What are the most effective emergency room "hacks?	Emergency Medicine; Hospitals; Medicine and Healthcare; 	What are the best things to do to get the most/make the most out of your emergency room visits?
What is the most dangerous room in the American home?	Danger; Houses; 	
What is it like in the USO room at an airport?	United States Armed Forces; Airports; Military; U.S. Army; Airlines; 	I imagine it is like an airline's premier lounge but I've never been to one or known anyone who has...
What items should one have in a panic room?	Home Security; Panic Rooms; 	
What is a very quiet evaporative room humidifier?	Humidity; Humidifiers; Home Improvement; 	The constant hissing noise of most models can interrupt a good sleep.
What furniture do you need for a baby room?	Babies; Parenting; 	
What does your dream room look like?	Survey Questions; Interior Design; Buildings; Hypothetical Questions; Design; 	Any room from any building whether home, public buildings, an office or even fantasy. Show us if you can by adding / linking a picture.
What are essential features for a panic room?	Buildings; Panic Room; Panic Rooms; Residential Construction; Construction; Home Security; 	
What is the best media for waiting room?	Dental Marketing; Dentistry; Dentists; 	
What is the best room temperature for coding?	Computer Programming; 	Coding as in computer programming.
What's the difference between a lounge and living room?	Home Design; Living Rooms; Lounge Rooms; 	
What are the conference rooms at Stripe named?	Stripe (company); 	Tech companies like Square have themed rooms named after famous Squares from around the world. Does Stripe do something similar?
What are the names of SpaceX's conference rooms?	SpaceX; Elon Musk; 	@What is it like to work with Elon Musk? references the von Braun conference room and states other rooms are named after famous rocket scientists.  I'm curious after whom the others are named?
I’m off to Kasauli and no idea whatsoever on the hotels …one more thing breaking my head is to know is it safe to try online booking of hotels in Kasauli?	Travel; Kasauli; Budget Travel; 	
What is the correct ratio between number of rooms/ number of room cleaning staff?	Hotel Management; 	The question originally read '...room cleaning ladies.' Changed to room cleaning staff, since I don't believe the purpose of the question was actually to assess the proportion of rooms to specifically female members of staff :-)
Which model/musician/actor/actress' poster did(do) you have put up in your room and what room it was(is)?	Quora Community; Survey Questions; Posters; Indian Actors and Actresses; Models (profession); Hollywood; Actors and Actresses; Bollywood Movies; Bollywood; Movie Posters; Celebrities; 	As a kid/teenager we do adore some actors/actresses or even musicians/models and are in simply in love with them. And some of us might be just decorating our rooms with posters of some/many of them. We might be putting them up say in our living room,bedrooms or even washrooms (?).Let us know who it was and where was the poster put up.
When you hear the phrase "the most important room in your home", what room does it make you think of?	Survey Questions; 	What's your initial gut reaction - what room comes to mind?
Do you know any online campaign develop by an hospitality brand (hotel/ restaurant) with focus on lifestyle?	Survey Questions; Campaign Monitor; 	
What is the most luxurious hotel in Cape Town?	South Africa; Luxury; Cape Town, South Africa; Hotels; Travel; 	
What is the best hotel in Cancun, Mexico?	Tourism; Hotels; Best Hotels; Where's the Best Place to Stay in X Region; Mexico; Cancun, Mexico; 	
What's the worst hotel in Saudi Arabia?	Hotels; Saudi Arabia; Travel; 	
What's the worst hotel in La Paz?	Bolivia; Travel; Hotels; La Paz; 	
What's the worst hotel in La Palma?	Canary Islands; Hotels; La Palma; Travel; 	
What are the best schools for hotel management?	Colleges and Universities; Hotel Management; 	Cornell is the only one I've heard of
What are the best luxury hotels websites?	Hotels; Luxury Hotels; Travel; 	
What are the best hotels in Portland, Oregon?	Hotels; Portland, OR; 	
What is the most luxurious hotel in the middle east?	Middle East; Hotels; Luxury; 	
What is the best hotel in Florence, Italy?	Florence, Italy; What Are the Best Hotels in X City?; Hotels; 	
What are the most historic hotels in the United States?	Hotels; Travel; The United States of America; 	
What is the best hotel in Milan, Italy?	Milan, Italy; What Are the Best Hotels in X City?; Hotels; 	
What is a good boutique hotel in Seattle?	Hotels in Seattle; Seattle, WA; 	going to seattle in late november and looking for a good boutique hotel near downtown.
What is a good hotel in Buenos Aires?	Hotel Recommendations; Travel; Buenos Aires; 	
What is the best hotel to stay at in Tokyo?	Tokyo, Japan; Hotels; Japan; Travel Advice; Hotels in Tokyo; Travel and Tourism in Japan; 	
What are the best hotels in Disneyland, California?	Disneyland; 	
What are the 5 best hotels in Cebu that you've been to?	Cebu, Philippines; 	I'd like to know which among the top hotels in Cebu that you have booked rooms in and have had great experiences based on staff and accommodation services. This is for a recent list I want to publish on a blog.
What is a nice and affordable hotel in Florence?	Florence, Italy; Hotels; 	
What is the best hotel in Coron Palawan?	Hotels; Hotel Recommendations; International Travel; Best Of X; Philippines; 	Not cheap and not overly expensive either..
What are some good hotel recommendations in Mendocino?	Mendocino, CA; Hotels; 	
What is the best hotel rewards program?	Travel; Hotels; 	I've heard Starwood is the best but wondering if there are others out there to consider.  In the U.S., I'd most commonly visit New York, Las Vegas, Austin, Seattle, Minneapolis, Chicago, San Francisco/Palo Alto.
What are the best business hotels in Dubai?	Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Hotels; Hotels in Dubai; 	
What is a good hotel in Tangier, Morocco?	Casablanca, Morocco; Morocco; Tangier, Morocco; Hotel Recommendations; Travel; 	
What is the best hotel in Victoria, BC?	Hotels; Victoria, BC; Hotel Recommendations; Best Hotels; Travel and Tourism in Canada; Tourism; 	
What are the fanciest hotels in Las Vegas?	Hotels in Las Vegas; Las Vegas; 	
What is a good hotel in the 6th Arrondissement?	Paris; Hotel Recommendations; Hotels; Travel; 	
What is the most Childfriendly hotel in las vegas?	Las Vegas; 	Bringing both baby, toddler and pre-teen
What are the best hotels to stay at in Malta?	Malta; Travel; 	(or flat/studio/apartment)
What is the best hotel in Kazan (Russia)?	Kazan, Russia; Tatarstan; Russia; 	
What are the largest hotel chains in the world?	Travel; Hotels; 	
What is the best hotel in Charlotte, NC?	Hotels and Lodging; North Carolina; Charlotte, NC; Hotels; 	I'm going to visiting for a week.
What's the worst hotel in Mexico DF?	Mexico; Mexico City; Travel; Hotels; 	
What kind of Parisian hotel style are you?	Survey Questions; Paris; 	
###
Hi I'm a very shy guy. I never had a girlfriend. I'm 21. There is this pretty girl in my math class in college. I want to introduce myself to here, but I don't want to come off creepy. How do I approach her? After class? Before class? Also. I know her name because the instructor was taking role and her name came up. I found out because she rose her hand. I found her on facebook. Should I send her a friend request? Or will that come off as creepy? I haven't talked to her at all yet.	Dating and Relationships; 	
Hi I'm a very shy guy. I never had a girlfriend. I'm 21. There is this pretty girl in my math class in college. I want to introduce myself to here, but I don't want to come off creepy. How do approach her? After class? Before class?	Dating and Relationships; 	
Hi I'm a very shy guy. I never had a girlfriend. I'm 21. There is this pretty girl in my math class in college. I want to introduce myself to here, but I don't want to come off creepy. How do I approach her? After class? Before class?	Dating and Relationships; 	
What should a freshman know coming into Stanford? Are there any must-take classes?	Stanford University Courses; 	I'm going to be entering Stanford Fall 2012. I hope to pursue a major in engineering although I'm not quite sure of my specific program.  I'm from a medium/small sized school in Virginia, and the sheer number of different classes is overwhelming.  I know that my academic advisors are supposed to help me navigate all this, but extra opinions can't hurt.  Also:  Are there big advantages to taking the CME A math vs. CME?  How do you find the prerequisites for a class on bulletin?
How do you contact/connect with attractive friends of friends on Facebook without coming across as creepy?	Facebook; 	Especially when the initial contact is weak and a personal introduction isn't possible.
How do I ask out a girl in my math class?	Dating and Relationships; 	I am an international student, and back in my place things weren't the same. There's this really cute and pretty girl in my math class. I would love to get to know her more. So, the question is, how do I go about it?
How do Facebook structure their CSS class names?	Facebook Engineering; Facebook; 	Buttons are styled with class names like "._4q7-" and "._4q82". These classes don't seem very semantic to an outsider. What is the logic behind these class names?
I like a girl and I am currently teasing her with one of my friend's name (to try and seek attention) who asked her out in the past and she rejected.  I think she likes me too but she also teases me by one girl's name. (although she knows there is nothing between us. ) I want to have the girl as my girlfriend how should i change the scenario and get in touch with her?	Dating and Relationships; 	
What topics are interesting to talk about for 10 minutes? I'm thinking about a class presentation that I will have in a few weeks and I can't come up with an interesting subject. I would appreciate if you'd help me.	Presentations; 	This is the first time I've ever used Quora so I don't know if this is an appropiate question for Quora.
I like a girl in my class. She is good-natured and talented. She also talks freely with everyone in class. How can I impress her?	Love; 	I am Indian
How do I find interesting classes to take in my city?	TeachStreet; Tutoring; Yelp; Education; Learning; WyzAnt; Betterfly; Skillshare; Craigslist; Thumbtack; E-learning; 	Does anyone know where I could go to find some interesting classes to take in spare time? Craigslist seems sketchy. Anything out there that's easy to use and got good content?
Hey im 16 years old and i need some help. Read my story and give  ur advice.  When school started this year a new boy came. I liled him from the first time i saw him. I was too shy to talk to him So i choose to wait. Now six months passed, we started to talk on facebook. When we are at school we are just saying <hi whats up >I think he knows i like him but the problem is if he fee.ls the same. He gives me compliments sometimes ...so i do! When im walking at school he is coming closer to me (he is doing this a lot of times) and my heart is beating like crazy I dont know what to think. He likes me like a girlfriend or just like a friend.  I d like to hear your opinion?	Dating and Relationships; 	
Where did the name Facebook come from?	Facebook; 	
Has AngelPad sent out interview requests for the Fall 2012 class yet?	AngelPad; 	
How could we come to know that our girl friend is cheating on us or not?	Love; 	
I saw a site "slugbooks.com [ http://slugbooks.com ]" that allowed the user to search through college class listings for 200-300 colleges. Does anyone know how that data can be duplicated, or where the data came from?	College Courses; Textbooks; 	
Adam Rice : What are you and Gwen doing on saturday night? my professor for convergent media wants to know, and yes, our whole class  just randomly came across your web page just now. : )	Direct Question; 	
How do girls want to be approached by a guy?	Dating and Relationships; 	
As a woman, how would you like to be approached by a man you find attractive in / outside a yoga class?	Yoga; Men; Women; Dating and Relationships; Social Advice; Attraction (interpersonal); 	
Is it crazy to want to go back to school for math if you haven't taken a math class in 13 years?	Mathematics; Higher Education; 	I wasn't a math undergrad major and haven't taken a math class since 1999. But I was always really good at math and enjoyed it immensely.  I'd like to explore pursuing a MS or PhD in math (theoretical, not applied).  Given I wasn't an undergrad math major and haven't taken a math class in so many years, how would I go about doing this? Is it possible?
I am in 10 class  i want to become a software eng. ?what should i take in 11th class	Career Advice; Education; 	i am in 10 class  i want to become a software eng. ?what should i take in 11th class
Is it creepy when an unknown guy pokes a girl on facebook?	Creepiness; Facebook; 	Also see: Creepiness: Is it creepy when an unknown girl pokes a guy on facebook? [ http://www.quora.com/Creepiness/Is-it-creepy-when-an-unknown-girl-pokes-a-guy-on-facebook ]
If a girl wants to come over and cook with me, is it a date?	Dating and Relationships; 	We've been flirting for nearly a year now and have only been on one classic-type date. And now she's in a relationship with someone else. However, she just suggested that she come over and cook and drink with me. (The latter comment is surprising since I don't think she drinks often.) It would mark the first time she's visited my apartment. We've touched and held hands before but I won't feel comfortable doing that now because of the boyfriend. How should I view our own relationship and situation? She remains nearly as flirty and friendly as ever.
What place i should look to find how hibernate get table name for the class in hibernate source code?	Startups; Hibernate (Java); Computer Programming; Java (programming language); 	I am going through hibernate source code. i want to know the place in source code were hibernate gets table name of the Model class.  To be clear.  I have a Model Class Organization.  there is a table in Db organization.  Now my question is do hibernate goes to Db and fetch the information of the table organization while/before mapping or anytime.   If it is then what place in the code i should look. i am tracking the source code but it a jungle.   Appreciate all help.
How should I deal with the fact that my girlfriend wants to go to a concert with her ex, who she is friends with, and said I shouldn't come in order to avoid an awkward situation?	Dating and Relationships; Strategy; Dating Advice; 	Background: She and her ex were friends since childhood and they remained friends after realizing they wouldn't work as a couple. They planned this concert long before we got together. I asked her why she didn't want me to come and she said she wouldn't enjoy the concert if both her ex and me are going to be there.
How did you come up with a name for your startup?	Startups; Survey Questions; 	How much time did you spend and which techniques did you use?   Did you consider any other candidates? Please include the chosen name in the answer.
How did Apple come up with its name?	Apple Inc.; History of Apple Inc.; How Did X Get Its Name?; 	
How do you come up with a company name?	Marketing; Company Names; Brands and Branding; Startup Names; 	If you're in a pretty general company, for example, what tips are there which help you come up with an interesting and original company name?  Something that isn't saying what industry the company is in (like 'game' or 'play' for a gaming company), but still would be appropriate to a company in that industry.  For example, a building company without 'Build' in the name, or a phone company without 'Phone', 'Telecom' or 'Mobile' in it (e.g. Orange or O2)
How did Klout come up with its name?	Klout; Startup Names; 	
How the name of HOUZZ come?	Houzz; 	Why does it name HOUZZ?? what does this name mean???
How did allthis come up with its name?	allthis; 	
How did Dropbox come up with its name?	Startup Names; Dropbox; 	
How did Yammer come up with its name?	Yammer; 	
How did Zomato come up with their name?	Zomato; 	
How did Twilio come up with its name?	Startups; 500 Startups; USVP Companies; Union Square Ventures; Union Square Companies; Twilio; 	It sounds a lot like Twitter, but really has nothing to do with that service. As Twilio grows, growth might be impeded with a name that appears to be associated with a Twitter app.
A friend asked me to take a class with her. Should I take the class with her?	Friendship; 	I don't have the money for the class and I don't get financial aid anymore.  I'm finish with the classes I needed but she wants me to take classes with her.  Should I do it.  That means I'll have to take what little money I have left and take the classes with her.  Should I do it.
How do I know when my friend comes online on Facebook?	Google Play; Social Networks (online); Facebook; Android Applications; 	I don't want to sit in front of the laptop all day. I want to know if there is any way I can get notified, when my friend comes online.
How did okcupid come up with their questions? Coming from a social science background, I'm really interested in how they came up with their questions and how they found they correlated with what they wanted.	OkCupid; 	
I want to learn about quantum computing, what classes should I take?	Quantum Computation; 	
When talking about mass customization it is mainly to B2C. Who is best in class when it comes to B2B with complex products?	Mass Customization; 	
Should I take a language class in college if I may never become fluent and it prevents me from taking other classes?	Learning; Business; The College and University Experience; Courses; Languages; Colleges and Universities; 	I'm about to start college and take Chinese, and hopefully study abroad in China at some point, but I'm worried that on the chance that I never become fluent  or near-fluent that it would have been a waste of time and energy wherein I could've taken more enjoyable and major-applicable courses.  Ideally this information won't affect your answer because who really knows what lies ahead, but 5-10 years down the road I would like to be working for a tech startup of some sort, and I'm currently a rising freshman.
How can class name be accessed in Python?	Python (programming language); 	There are two part in this question:  * access from a instance  * access from class definition  In the first case, I know I get by instance.__class__.__name__ but I mean the class name such as "package.module.Class" in <package.module.Class instance at 0x123456>.  In the second case, it means that: ---------------------------------------------------------------- class SomeClass: ____....some definition.... ____print __classname__ ---------------------------------------------------------------- what variable can be used to print "SomeClass" while the code before are evaluated. Of course the code above does not work. I don't want to simply replace __classname__ by "SomeClass" since hard-code are difficult to maintain.
Is it creepy to suggest a friend on Facebook?	Facebook; 	Whenever I make new 'friends' this is the suggestion I get. Will anybody actually appreciate being recommended people after accepting a friend request?
What is the most interesting class to take in college?	Education; Higher Education; The College and University Experience; 	
What is/was the most rewarding class you took in college?	Learning; Colleges and Universities; College Courses; Higher Education; 	What school did you take it at?
What are the most valuable classes to take in college?	The College and University Experience; Career Advice; Higher Education; Colleges and Universities; 	
Pooja Khanna : Hi Pooja ,i would love to ask your opinion about the best way for me to brand my consulting pr & marketing services?Since this is a start up i want to be strategic about where to spend my money?what would be your advice for me?I also would love to know if you do any freelance work?My strength is finding clients & coming up with creative funky ways to promote them,would love to work with people that could compliment me on some projects.	Direct Question; 	
I developed a game, and came up with the perfect name. I did a quick search and found a regional rock band with the same moniker.  Do I need to find another name?	Product Branding; 	
How did the founders of Spotify come up with the name?	Spotify; Social and Online Music; Social Media; Startups in Sweden; Startups; 	
How do authors come up with names for their characters?	Writing; Novels; Authors; Books; Creative Writing; Fantasy (genre); 	Is it inspiration? Do they work on it with respect to the plot? Does it depend on the setting/country the story is set in? Or are there any name generator tools which are helpful?
I've come up with an idea, How do I decide on a name?	Business; 	I've been developing my idea for a while now and will soon start work pushing it forwards. One thing that's caught me out so far is a name, I have absolutely no idea what to call it. What makes a good name? Why is a name like Apple so pronoun yet it has no description of the company?   Any general tips would be much appreciated.
How did Go Daddy come up with its name?	How Did X Company Get Its Name?; Go Daddy; What's the Story Behind X?; 	
How do you come up with a good name for your startup?	Names and Naming; Startups; 	I've been trying to come up with a short, easy to remember and unique name for several weeks now. It's incredibly frustrating, because it seems every half decent name on the web is taken. For those of you who run start-ups with great names (eg. www.mint.com), can you give some advice on how you did it?
How did they come up with the name Ruby on Rails?	Ruby on Rails; Ruby (programming language); 	Ruby, I understand. But Rails?
How do you come up with a name for a retail center?	Retail; Commercial Real Estate; 	We need a name for a new retail center. It will be located in a lake town called Detroit Lakes, Mn.on Highway 10
How did they come up with the band name "Radiohead"?	Radiohead; Contemporary Music; 	What's the story behind it, and does it mean anything?
How does the name of Argentina came into existence?	Names and Naming; Argentina; 	
How did the band Coldplay come up with their name?	Coldplay (band); Music; 	
How long does it take for a change of a well-known brand name to come in to common use?	Marketing; Brands and Branding; 	For example: the Kinko's copy company was rebranded as FedEx Office in 2008, but I still hear many people refer to the shops as Kinko's.
Product naming: How do you come up with a product name?	Product Management; Product Naming; 	When building a new product for a new or established company, how do you define the name - what methods do you use, which sources (movies, books etc.) do you look for inspiration?
Is it a good idea to take graduate level STEM classes to find cute *and* smart Chinese immigrant girls?	Dating Advice; Graduate Students; Colleges and Universities; STEM Education; Dating and Relationships; 	The classes are fun too!
How can a girl be creepy?	Dating and Relationships; 	"Creepy" is an adjective most often used to describe men. What behaviors or traits should a female polish up if she wants to earn the classification?
Are professors less responsive to emails that come at a time when they're teaching a class?	Academia; 	
How do I find a high class hooker in Sacramento?	Sacramento, CA; 	I think this question speaks for itself....
How come no one finds strange that Frank Underwood likes to talk to himself?	House of Cards (Netflix series); 	
What should someone with disabilities do if they want a notetaker but the professor can't find someone in the class who volunteers to be one?	Disability and Disabilities; The College and University Experience; 	
How come I can change some of my Facebook Group names but not others?	Facebook; Facebook Groups; 	I'm admin of multiple Facebook Groups, and I can change a couple of the names of them, but not all. Why is this?  I noticed that the one I can't change has notably more people. Is there a cutoff in terms of people for name change?
What does it feel like when a pretty girl sends you a Facebook friend request right out of nowhere?	Facebook; Social Networks (online); 	
What classes should I take on MIT's OpenCourseWare if I want to build mobile apps?	MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology); OpenCourseWare; 	Looking to refresh my CS classes (mid 90s) and start building simple mobile apps.
Is it a good idea to take classes specifically because you have forgotten all the prerequisites and want to refresh your memory?	Mathematics; The College and University Experience; 	
Is there a way of telling someone they appeared in your dream without coming off as creepy?	Situational Appropriateness; Manners and Etiquette; Dreams; Appropriateness; Interpersonal Interaction; Dream Interpretation; Faux Pas; People Skills; 	
Why does Coursera not allow students to take the classes anytime? For example, I want to take the machine learning class, but don't know when is the next open registration period. The lectures are online, but homework is not, and I cannot see previous discussions either.	Coursera; 	
How come winter never comes?	A Game of Thrones (1996 novel); 	You keep hearing that the long multi-year winter is coming in the first few novels but it never comes. I have now read the first five. What happened to it?  
Guys, i recently came to know that vedic mathematics is very useful and being used for developing softwares.This  is my area of interest and want to know more of it...plz help...?	Mathematics; Vedas; 	
How should I introduce a girl (I barely know) to a guy friend who's romantically interested in her?	Dating and Relationships; Dating Etiquette; Dating Advice; Online Dating; Life Advice; 	I took a seminar (comprised of a few lectures) with a girl. Exchanged a few hellos, group work, and nothing beyond that. We're friends on fb. A friend of mine is interested in her, and I'd like to introduce them to each other. I am considering writing her message, proposing this outrageous idea. What is the best way to go about that?
How can you call static functions of a class without knowing its name in advance in PHP?	Computer Programming; PHP; Web Development; 	You can instantiate objects without knowing the class names in advance.  Ex: [code php]<?php   $a = "foo";   $b = new $a; //Works fine. ?>[/code]  Is there a similar way to call static functions without knowing class names in advance
Stanford Math Minor: What are the best classes to take?	Stanford University; 	I'm a CS major and I've recently become more interested in math as well. For the math minor I know I can do math 51, 52 and 53, as well as philosophy 151 to get 4/6 required classes.  What would be the best two other classes to take for the math minor?  Also a quick note: I'm interested in math but I have a rigorous schedule already planned, so recommendations to classes that aren't extremely difficult would be appreciated!
Which math class should I take as a freshman at Harvard?	Harvard College Courses; Harvard University; Harvard College; 	I'm a little intimidated by Math 21 and 23. I'm thinking about Math 20. Is this the right decision?
What should a guy do if he comes to know that his girlfriend has had one-night-stands before their relationship started?	Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; 	Ask yourself honestly if an attractive girl wants to sleep with you the same night, would you do it? Base your standards off of that. Women have the the right to seek their own pleasure as much as a man.
How can I find a radical / fundamentalist Muslim to be interviewed by a college class, in person (Ohio) or video call?	Religion; Teaching; Terrorism; Fundamentalist Islam; Islam; Cincinnati, OH; Ohio; 	Ideally, the person would be clergy or an official who theologically and politically sympathizes with or supports a group such as Hamas, Al Qaeda, or the Muslim Brotherhood. The person should be articulate, fluent in English. The person would not receive compensation, should not belong to a group on the US terrorist exclusion list, and any interaction must be in full compliance with the Ohio Declaration of Material Assistance law.
Is this creepy for a guy to do this?	Dating and Relationships; 	So I went to a restaurant buffet at a prestigious hotel. I did not have any makeup on or anything. As I was looking around the buffet a chef comes up to tell me that I am very beautiful and that he likes my smile. The first thing I thought was how long he has been watching me. The second thing is that I am 16 and the guy is like in his 20s or 30s. Isn't that a little creepy?
What are some good college travel or international service learning or volunteering programs that allow you to travel and learn at the same time? I don't want to necessarily take classes at a university abroad.	International Travel; Learning; Adventure Travel; Volunteering; Travel; Service-learning; Studying Abroad; 	I'm looking to travel during the summer after my sophomore year. Preferably a shorter duration trip as I need to volunteer and shadow to prepare for medical school during the summer as well. I've heard bad things about some of these service learning programs and am looking for advice as to which are the best.
Do girls or women find it creepy when a stranger messages them and says "You look beautiful"?	Girls and Young Women; Women; Manners and Etiquette; Creepiness; 	Does it matter if the stranger is a man or a woman?  And so, should strangers (especially men) stop paying compliments to women?  UPDATE: And does it matter if the man is older or younger than you?
I swore in class and everyone got in trouble, how can I stop feeling guilty without confessing? Nobody knows I did it and I don't want to tell.	Manners and Etiquette; Peers; Confessions; Mental Health; Punishment; Psychology; Guilt; Bravery; 	
Where did the name Yelp come from?	Yelp; 	
Where did the name Tetris come from?	Video Games; Tetris; 	
Who came up with the name Nest?	Nest Labs; 	
Where does the name "Netezza" come from?	Netezza; 	
Where did the name Google come from?	Google; 	
Where does the name '9gag' come from?	Humor; Memes; 9GAG; 	9gag is a humor community that has its origin on the internet.
Where did the name Loopt come from?	Startup Names; Loopt; 	To settle a debate between myself and a friend. He maintains it's based on a word in an indian language. I don't think it is.
Where do racehorses' names come from?	Horse Racing; Names and Naming; 	
Where does the name Helvetica come from?	Helvetica; Typefaces; 	
Where does Heroku's name come from?	Heroku; Startup Names; Brand Naming; 	
Where does the name of Quora come from?	Etymology; Quora; 	Is it QUestions OR Answers?
Does the name California come from khalifah?	Religion; Islam; Spanish (language); World History; Etymology; California; 	The Spanish had 800 years of history with Islam so I wouldn't be surprised. 
Who comes up with the names for hurricanes?	Hurricanes; Weather; Names and Naming; 	
Who came up with the name Hipmunk?	Names and Naming; Hipmunk; Brand Naming; 	
Where did name "Jimmy" come from?	Etymology; Names and Naming; 	
Where does the name Uganda come from?	Uganda; 	
Where did the name "Starbucks" come from?	Starbucks; Company Names; 	
Where did the Diageo name come from?	Guinness; Diageo; 	Seems to have been created at the merger of Guinness and Grand Metropolitan in 1997. Why did they choose the name "Diageo"?
Where did the name BlackBerry come from?	BlackBerry; 	
Where did the name "Pentaho" come from?	Pentaho; 	
Where did the name Perth come from?	Perth, Scotland; Perth, Australia; 	
What should we do if we can't come up with a name for our baby?	Baby Names; Parenting; Babies; 	Our son was born a month ago and still has no name. We love and enjoy him very much, it's just that we can't get ourselves to commit to any name we have considered so far. We have looked at hundreds of names, yet nothing sparked our interest. Do we leave him nameless just a bit longer in hopes the right names pops up? Should we just pick whatever name at random? 
I'm not sure if I'm ready yet for the person I've been seeing to meet and spend time with my close friends, but a good event has come up where my friends want to go and I had an existing date scheduled, so a convenient solution would be to combine the two. How should I go about making this decision?	Dating and Relationships; Romance (love); Interpersonal Interaction; Dating Advice; Friendship; Dating Etiquette; 	
How does a shy girl let a guy know she's interested?	Dating and Relationships; 	
How do I promote my new business on twitter if I still don't have twitter followers howeverI find people wanting my service when I perform a twitter search? Should I twit from my personal account or my 0 follower biz account? I just did my personal account public so people can see my replies / mentions to their questions I pulled when I search twitter but they will also see that I am only twitting about the business that is a little creepy cheeky	Social Media Marketing; 	
How do you find restaurants coming up on an anniversary?	Restaurants; 	
I need advice. I was pursuing a girl for almost two years & she was with me for last one year. We have different dreams & responsibilities. I was serious from start while she also recently became serious for me. We were aware of everything however I hadn't thought so much into future & detail but now I want her to go away from me for I don't want her to adjust to be with me. I know how she is & will get frustrated with time to the point that she might wouldn't find it worth it.  I talked to her & explained her however I am now feeling like I am an idiot & backing off from it. Every sort of thought is now crossing my mind?	Relationship Advice; Dating and Relationships; Love; 	
How come a bartering website has never really taken off?	Barter; Startups; 	Could it now that we have virtual currencies and the "real" web (real identities)?
How can I write python conditional expression with __class__ name?	Computer Programming; Python (programming language); 	I'd like to write conditional expression by whether the class name of args is the same to the other or not.
Why would a guy want to take a week long trip with a girl he's been friends with?	Friendship; 	The two studied together, been friends for 6-7 years now though they've mostly been in touch through chats and met only twice since college. Is it just a much needed vacation or something more? Would like to know all the possible reasons.
I have a domain name that I want to sell to a start up.  How can I find out about companies that are about to start?	Startups; Startup Names; 	
Is there a place to talk with others taking OpenCourseWare classes?	E-learning; OpenCourseWare; 	It'd be nice to have tips about how to get around certain things not being available since you're not actually enrolled at the school, as well as to just learn alongside others.
How come young girls don't go for rich guys, but "hot" guys instead?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Attractiveness and Attractive People; Wealth; Dating and Relationships; Girls and Young Women; Money; 	College girl age
Randy Thomas : Hi Randy, What state do you work in? I just took a class today in Silicon Valley @ my MLS and the instructor said that less than 1% of REO's are auctioned on the courthouse steps. Do you agree?	Multiple Listings Service; Direct Question; Real Estate Owned; 	
How do I stop sending creepy/rude messages on Facebook when I get drunk?	Drunkenness; Facebook User Tips; Life Advice; 	I have become ‘that guy’, the social idiot who seems normal at first, but creeps everyone out by sending terrible drunken messages.  Usually I’m quiet and well behaved, sometimes I have negative thoughts, but I’m generally quite happy (at least I think I am). My problem is that every few weeks (could be months sometimes) I get drunk and send messages on Facebook.  I send the messages to a lot of people.  People I have recently met, friends and people I used to know.  I usually tell them creepy things about how I used to like them, or that I used to hate them, that I hate them now or sometimes just random things, but most often my messages are very rude and obscene.  The person I treat the worst is a girl who I wanted to date once.  I haven’t seen her in years but I’m still mad that she didn’t like me, jealous that she dated friends of mine and angry that I couldn’t get her to like me.   This has been happening for a couple years now.  I know that I need to change soon or I will be like this forever.  I know that I’m harassing people when I do this and I feel terrible.  I am embarrassed and I know I’m alienating people, losing friends and I feel like an idiot. I recently deleted my Facebook, but I know that is only a temporary solution to my problem.  What should I do? Thanks for you help in advance.
How do you, either as an instructor or learner, build and sustain a community of learners in an online class?	Online Training; Formalized Online Education; 	Sometimes online classes can be so dehumanizing. Therefore a community of learners is very important to keep the human element alive.
How prevalent is the use of instructor solution manuals in physics classes?	Physics; 	I'm seeing a lot of people use them for their classes that have adopted textbooks authored by David J. Griffiths
What is a good notebook/pad for taking written notes, especially in math and science classes in college?	Education; Notebooks (paper); Office Supplies; Paper; Notes; 	Any advantages to a certain type of paper or ruled lines or grid for this sort of classwork?
How come all wizards know the name "Voldemort" when almost nobody ever speaks or writes that name?	Voldemort (Harry Potter character); Harry Potter (books, movies and creative franchise); 	We know Harry learns the name by forcing it out of Hagrid's mouth, but what about the others? Not all people have heard Dumbledore talk about Voldemort and even written accounts seem to avoid the name.
What would an American think where a guy named Dino would come from?	American Culture; 	Would he be surprised if he's American, too, or would he think he's a foreigner?
Is it creepy when a girl hits on a guy via Quora?	Dating Etiquette; Flirting; Manners and Etiquette; Quora Community; Attraction (interpersonal); Creepiness; Social Psychology; Dating and Relationships; 	Why or why not?
What should I do if  I'm not being challenged in my math class?	High School(s); Mathematics; Schools; Learning; 	It's a lower level math class that I am being forced to take because of the switch from private to public school. It moves too slowly for my taste and it feels like I have learned most of it already.
Why can spam emails appear to come from friends' names, without coming from friends' emails?	Email Deliverability; Email; Spam Filtering; Internet Security; Spam Prevention; Spam; 	And if such spam emails do arrive in your mailbox, have we been subjected to a security breach of any sort?
Is it better to take a sociology or philosophy class in college?	New York University; Sociology; College Courses; Philosophy; The College and University Experience; Higher Education; 	
What classes should every college student take?	Education; 	There are a few classes that every college student should take just for the breadth component. the suggestions I have so far are economics, philosophy and computer science.  What would be your take on this?
What are the best classes you have ever taken in college?	Survey Questions; Learning; 	I am a college student and I have some elective classes to take. I am wondering what classes have really hit you
How can learning be transformed by introducing a laptop w/ internet & projector into a class that never had this?	Education; Technology in Education; 	I am collecting ideas for an article and a keynote presentation.
How did D'Angelo and Cheever come up with the name Quora?	Startup Names; Charlie Cheever; Quora Company History; Quora (company); How Did X Company Get Its Name?; How Did X Get Its Name?; Adam D'Angelo; Quora; 	
How do screenwriters come up with badass names for movie characters?	Screenwriting; Names and Naming; 	Is there just a group brainstorm and vote at the end? Or is it more of a process?   (e.g. I recently read a study that showed how women rated the same photo of a man to be more attractive depending on the name attached to the photo...Ryan was perceived to be sexier than George, for example.)
How did the "i" in the names iMac, iTunes, iPod, etc. come about? 	How Did X Get Its Name?; iTunes; iPod; iPhone; Apple Inc.; 	This is a follow-up question to How did the iPod get its name? [ http://www.quora.com/How-did-the-iPod-get-its-name ].  Who thought of the "i"? Why? Etc.
How does NASA and the research teams come up with names for their rovers?	NASA; 	I recently read about the next Mars expedition, InSight, or "Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport." How do people come up with these long-winded names that "abbreviate" (who cares about an unwanted letter or two) into the very NASA-like acronyms? How much time is spent on name creation? Do the researches themselves develop the names or do NASA marketing and Pr people do that?  ...and by NASA-like, I mean the theme of knowledge and discovery: Curiosity, Discovery, Atlantis, Opportunity, Spirit etc.
Darryl King : How did you come up with you user name ?	Direct Question; 	
How did Sonny Moore come up with the name Skrillex?	How Did X Get Its Name?; Dubstep; Skrillex; Names and Naming; 	
How do I come up with a good name for a computer game?	Game Development; Video Games; Games; Marketing; 	
How did George Lucas come up with the name "Skywalker"?	Luke Skywalker; Anakin Skywalker; Star Wars (movie, book and general franchise); Movies; George Lucas (director, producer); Science Fiction (genre); 	Assuming it was Lucas who came up with it, might have been someone else.
How do fantasy authors come with names of characters?	Writing; 	I am trying to write my own fantasy/Sci-fi story and am having a hard time coming up with character names. How did Jordan, Martin, Sanderson etc come up with cool names for thousands of characters?
How did Team Desto came up with the name Desto..?	How Did X Get Its Name?; Desto; 	
How did George R.R. Martin come up with the name Orell?	A Song of Ice and Fire (book series); 	"Orel" means "eagle" in Czech. Is is just a coincidence?
How do I a woo a girl on Twitter or Facebook without being perceived as creepy?	Dating Advice; Dating and Relationships; 	There's this smart and intelligent girl that I like on Twitter. I have hardly any friends on Twitter as its not very cool with my friends. She used to respond and flirt back sometimes, but I tried playing hard to get and pretended to be busy as was away for sometime. Now she doesn't reply. How do I not come across as creepy?
How come when you friend someone on facebook and they haven't accepted it yet, they still show up on your newsfeed?	Facebook Friends; Facebook News Feed; 	
In jQuery, is there an equivalent for getElementById to get an element by class name?	Web Design; Web Development; jQuery; JavaScript; 	I am trying to detect elements by class name instead of ID because they already have classes applied to them. But my Googling has failed me on finding what the equivalent of getElementByID is for class names (something like getElementByClass or something).
What is the longest class or constant name in the Cocoa API?	Objective-C (programming language); 	There's a lot of long class names, constants, etc. in the Cocoa APIs, both on OS X and iOS. For example:  `NSTextViewWillChangeNotifyingTextViewNotification`  But has anyone figured out definitively which is the longest in the official Apple APIs?
What are the most ridiculous Java class names from real code?	Java (programming language); What Are Some Examples of X?; 	Certain Java projects have a penchant for extreme abstraction and overapplication of design patterns, ending up with things that are called something like "AbstractBeanFactoryVisitorFactory
Is it the convention to capitalize the first letter of a class name?	Java (programming language); 	
What are the best ways to name IDs and classes in CSS?	Web Design; Cascading Style Sheets; Web Design Best Practices; 	
What are high class people naming their kids these days?	Names and Naming; Classy People; Children; Personal Branding; 	
Why did Catalyst Class change their name to Hack Reactor?	Programming Bootcamps; Hack Reactor; 	http://catalystclass.com http://hackreactor.com
Why do women that have issues with assholes come talk to me about those issues only to jump right back on the guy the next day/week/month? What do they want?	Dating and Relationships; 	Is it even any use at all that I respond to them about it? Seems like no mather what i say they allways go back. They even get distant from me afterwards, having a hard time admitting they were weak again. It's like talking sense is no use at all.
What is the name of the Korean TV drama about the girl who becomes a  cook in the imperial court, gets sent off into exile, and comes back as a  nurse?	Korean (language); Television Dramas (Asian); 	When I went to Korea with W&L Chamber Singers, we watched this TV show on our bus, and I can't remember the name. This is a follow-up question to What are some of the best Korean TV dramas? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-of-the-best-Korean-TV-dramas ].
How would God say someone should be a good friend to someone who comes to them with problems all the time but never takes their advice? Examples below.	Friendship; Religion; Psychology; 	Example 1- (Her) "I just don't want to live any more and I've decided that starving myself is the best way to kill myself because it did the most damage the last time."  (Me) "I think starving yourself is just going to make you weaker & would be a long, painful process.  Plus, I don't think you really want to die or you wouldn't be talking about it with me.  I think you just want out of the pain."  (Her) "Shelly, nothing you say will make me change my mind.  My mind is set & that's that."   I told her aunt in chat on Facebook & all she had to say is "she's a drama queen biotch" & "I don't believe that for a minute or she would be losing weight."    Example 2- (Her) "Last week, when I had sex with Antonio, I decided I didn't want to be with him, because it turns out he doesn't know a thing about sex.  But just last night, his little brother Caleb came over and oh he is so good in bed!"  (Me) "I didn't know you did anything with either of them.  Whatever happened to Calvin, the minister at that church?"  (Her) "Well, he's good at oral sex but really, he's history.  I just want something new."  (Me) Well, let me suggest that you're using these guys to distract you from the pain inside & that any time you feel any pain, you'd rather numb out from it than face it."  (Her) "Maybe I DO want to numb out from it.  What's wrong with that?  Plus, there's nothing wrong with a little fun." (Me) "Yes, but don't you want a man to love you?  Don't you want to have a happy marriage down the road?  How are you going to get there unless you learn to appreciate yourself & deal with what's going on inside?  Doesn't it bother you that in the past year you have had sex with about 10 different guys & in the past two weeks the last 2 were brothers? (Her) "Shelly.  You are not going to make me feel bad about myself.  This is my path & I'm fine with it.  Why can't you be??  What I need is a supportive friend, not someone who's always slashing into me, attacking me!" (Me) "When you first came to me, it was with the request that I give you advice, help you with your problems.  All I'm doing is pointing out what I see you doing wrong.  I also tell you when I'm proud of you."  (Her) "Yeah, well I just don't see it.  You're always attacking me & I'm afraid if I say the wrong thing back, you're going to leave me again.  As far as that kind of relationship, I don't want you to play the teacher role with me any more.  In a few months, I will be 18.  I think I can figure it out for myself now & I want you to see me as an equal."  (Me) "Listen, I respect your right to make your own decisions.  But you're the one coming to me with your problems.  Do you want my feedback or do you just want me to lie & tell you what you want to hear??  I am here for you but you know how I feel about all this sex in your life.  You know that I'm a Christian & what I believe Jesus said about this.  If you don't want to hear what I have to say, why aren't you going to someone else?? (Her) "Shelly, why do you have to push me away like that??  Now you're going to leave?  I've always thought of you as like a mother to me.  Why can't you love me as much as you love your son?  Because of you, I'm crying so hard I can't even see!  Now I have nothing left to hope for!"   From the suggestions others have given me on this, which includes her, har aunt, my mom and a friend from church, my options are:   -show her more support and don't be critical of any of her behavior. -ignore her and don't let her push my buttons -just stop talking to her altogether.  She's not open to your advice and just wants to hear herself talk. -be there for her when she calls and answer her questions.  When she doesn't like what you have to say, tell her that's your advice and let her go.  Other than this, pray for her.  That's all you can do.   I think I like the last option best.  I don't want to walk away, yet I don't want to say there's nothing wrong with her behavior at all.
How do I find a good auto mechanic in Las Vegas who will come to me?	Popular Mechanics; Las Vegas; 	
How can a nerdy and shy guy approach an attractive girl?	Dating Advice; 	
Write a program which contains a class named String (please take care of the case). The class should be capable of holding a string containing more than one word.?	Programming Interviews; 	The class should at least have a parametric constructors by which we are going to supply a sentence at run time. Class string should be defined in this way that the following statement should be executed with their proper output. String str1; //string with length 0 String str2; cin>>str2; // to print the char elements of str2; (Don’t use any string library function for the any purpose) You are free to add any C++ concepts, any other data members, member functions and constructors you think are necessary to solve the problem.
How do I know in which social class I am?	Middle Class; Identity; Intelligentsia; Social Class; Society; Working Class; Class Struggle; 	
1 vs all approach : If you have classes A,B,C and D, and want to do multiclass SVM, which steps do you follow?	Machine Learning; Support Vector Machines; Supervised Learning; 	There exists a confusion on how to use SVM to do multiclass clasification. I have done single class before and used VLFEAT Libraries. In this comment i will first share my method simply and ask for the answer.   I am learning 4 '1vsall SVMs' where i;  Label A as 1 and not A as -1 ,and getting support vector w_A, bias_A Label B as 1 and not B as -1   and getting support vector w_B,bias_B ...  and so on.   After that, to test the performance, i simply do vector multiplication as :   testScores_A = w_A'*testHistograms_A+bias_A testScores_B = w_B'*testHistograms_B+bias_B  testHistograms vector contains data from all 4 different classes.   After having all 4 test scores respectively (if all steps are right above?), i am confused on :   How to calculate precision-recall?  How to calculate confusion matrix?   Thanks a lot in advance.
Why do people in first class want to board first?	Air Travel; Human Behavior; 	Assuming the first class cabin has its own dedicated overhead storage, why do people want to board their plane so much earlier than they have to? If it's because they find the seats so comfortable, why are they in such a rush to be the first people off the plane even though it means they'll wait longer at baggage claim?
Which hobby classes should you join if you want to maximize socialization?	Hobbies; 	
Will the Cloud Girlfriend  also accept friend requests from and interact with friends of her "client?	Cloud Girlfriend (startup); 	Sounds like a pretty big job, even if there isn't any deception.
How do people feel about being approached on the street by a no-name fashion blogger who wants to take a picture and post it online?	Blogger Outreach; Fashion Photography; Fashion and Style; Street Photography; Blogging; Manners and Etiquette; Online Fashion Companies and Websites; 	
What are some ways a girl will let you know she wants you to approach her?	Pick-Up Artists; Romance (love); Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; 	In a coffee shop, a bookstore, the supermarket, or the subway - what are some signs that she'd like you to say hi?
Why do some guys find it easier to talk to girls than other guys?	Rapport Communication; People Skills; Social Advice; Interpersonal Interaction; 	What does it say about them? How can they get better at relating to other guys?
Since  I need more clients but I’m coming up short on finding some, what is the best way to get your name out there?	Advice; 	
There's a beautiful woman in my yoga class. How do I initiate a conversation with her when she's always either talking to her girlfriends or doing yoga?	Dating Advice; Yoga; Dating Etiquette; Social Advice; Friendship; Dating and Relationships; 	I think there are 2 girls who keep looking my way. Either it means nothing or there's some interest. I really want to talk to them, or create a situation where I can strike up a casual conversation. Any tips or personal experiences are highly appreciated. 
How can I find all Java inner classes in my Eclipse project?	Java (programming language); Eclipse (software); 	I want to check if references to them leak outside the enclosing class.  Best if it can be done from inside Eclipse, but command line tools would be acceptable.
How can I find a good low-cost acting class in the Bay Area?	Acting; Improvisational Theatre; Stage Acting; San Francisco Bay Area; Improvisation; Voice Acting; Improv Comedy; 	
How do you find a world class front end developer in London?	Engineering Recruiting; Front-End Web Development; Computer Programming; Web Development; 	
How woud you find and market upper class people online?	Web Marketing; 	
I'm about to embark on a screenplay collaboration with an old friend from college. He told me his idea (which is really cool) and wants me to help him develop it. What kind of contract should we come up with beforehand?	Legal Issues; 	I want to broach the topic without seeming like a dick, especially since he trusted me with his idea. That said, I don't want to put a bunch of work in and not get credit IF it ever gets rolling...
I know the facebook URL of a person and I can put in the URL and see the person's profile.  But if I search for the person's name, it doesn't come up in Facebook search results ( I know I'm not blocked by this person). How is this possible?	Facebook; 	I can't find any way to make it so my profile doesn't come up in Facebook Search.  I have to continually deactivate my account because I have a restraining order against my ex-husband (he was very violent).  I want to be able to be on Facebook and not have him continually find me : (  Can some smart person PLEASE help me?
I want to find out if there are any Hildegard von Bingen recitations coming up in San Francisco. Which website should I go to?	Events; 	I've tried searching meetup.com, twitter.com, google.com, http://www.sanfrancisco.travel/events/, but can't find anything. Maybe there aren't any Hildegard von Bingen recitations in the near future...  In general, though, which is a good place to go to to find out what's on nearby? E.g. I want to find out when the next Jefferson Airplane cover band is playing. Where's a good site I can go to?  I fear the answer here is going to be either "google" or "none". In which case I might start a startup to solve the problem.
How to find/approach a technical lead/co-founder without coming across as "You do the programming while I do other stuff"?	Startups; 	
I am 15 years old, and male. I go to a very isolated school, and don't know any girls outside school, and want to meet some. How do I approach a group of say, 2-4 girls if I'm with a friend and talk to them and get their numbers and stuff??? Please answer, it would help a lot, thank you	Dating and Relationships; 	
How can I find a lost friend if I don't have her married name?	Social Networks (online); Finding Old Friend; 	
What are the most difficult classes in college?	Education; Higher Education; Difficulty; Colleges and Universities; 	
What given names come with the most nicknames?	Names and Naming; 	
Where does the name chow chow come from?	Dogs (pets); Etymology; Words; 	The Chinese name is sōngshī quǎn 鬆獅犬 which doesn't sound anything like chow chow.
Where did the name Windows 7 come from?	Windows 7; Microsoft Windows; 	If you start at Windows 1.0 to 3.0, then count 95, 98, XP and Vista, the latest version of the consumer version of Windows should be "8". Was Vista intentionally ignored in the versioning?
Where does each US State's name come from?	U.S. History; The United States of America; 	Some are obvious, like New York. Some are bizarre like Massachussettes. I imagine most of those are Native American terms, but I'm curious to know a little about each! Feel free to provide details for one particular state if you know some interesting details :) The answer wiki should be the real jewel here when complete.
Where does the fanzine name "Fangoria" come from?	Commercial Media; 	
Where does the name 'Milton Keynes' come from?	City and Town Names; Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, UK; 	
What does the name UNIQLO mean and come from?	Brands and Branding; Brand Naming; Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon; UNIQLO; 	
Where did the name 'Nothing Magical' come from?	Nothing Magical; Names and Naming; 	
Who came up with the name "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!"?	Retail; Marketing; Product Naming; Product Marketing; Names and Naming; 	
Where does the name Bad Robot come from?	Television; How Did X Get Its Name?; Movies; Television Business; J.J. Abrams (movie director and writer); 	
Where does Apache Cassandra's name come from?	Cassandra (database); 	No information appears to be available online.
Where does the last name "Mordecai" come from?	Names and Naming; Genealogy; 	What is the lineage/family history?
Where did the name Terrible Towel come from?	Pittsburgh Steelers; Pittsburgh; Football (US); NFL; 	Why not Pittsburgh Towel or Terrific Towel?
Who came up with the name 'Slim Shady'?	Eminem; Hip Hop Music; Hip Hop and Rap Artists; Rap Music; 	Why was this name chosen and how much thought went into the choice?
Did the name "Quora" come from Qur'an & Torah?	Quora; Folk Etymology; 	Where did the name 'Quora' originate?
Who comes up with all the names for dresses on modcloth?	ModCloth; 	Seriously, every dress has a clever pun or phrase as its name.
What startups used a naming company to come up with their name?	Business Strategy; Domain Names; Business; Marketing; Startup Names; 	This is a follow-up question to How effective are naming companies in creating quality startup names? [ http://www.quora.com/How-effective-are-naming-companies-in-creating-quality-startup-names ].
How do I handle my girlfriend talking to a guy friend, a lot?	Dating and Relationships; 	I've been dating this girl for about 10 months now, and it's been a roller coaster of a ride. Both good and bad. When things are great between us, when we're both happy, it's the most amazing time of my life, a time I don't want to let go. But when things aren't so great, it absolutely sucks and I wish it could go back to the happy times.  Over the past few weeks she's been talking to a friend of hers. I haven't met him, but she said they go a ways back. Now I don't have a problem with her talking to guys, but what I do have a problem with is the amount of talking (texting almost constantly) and Skyping till 3 or 4 in the morning. She gets extremely upset with me every time I bring up how uncomfortable I am with it. And she keeps saying that there's nothing going on and that I have to get over it. If I can't then she's leaving me.  Every time they talk she'll tilt her phone a bit so I can't see, or when they're on Skype and I'm falling asleep, she'll move her screen so I can't see. She says she doesn't like people looking at her screen, but I just don't know.  I want to believe her, I want to trust her and I want to be okay with this. But I just can't. Maybe I'm jealous, maybe I'm insecure in my abilities to keep her as my girlfriend.  I just don't know how to handle this. I just want to be okay with it. :(  She's amazing and I love her. And I might be reading this so incorrectly that I'm being an idiot. But I don't want to lose her.
I have a .lib file that came bundled with a C++ class assignment. What is it? Is there a way to use it to compile on Linux (using MinGW)?	Programming Languages; C++ (programming language); Software Engineering; 	file gives me: CS106CPPLib.lib: current ar archive
By what processes do white-collar workers come to imagine their interests as linked to the interests of capital, rather than the interests the of the broader working-class?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Sociology; Social Class; Economics; Socialism; Capitalism; 	This is a follow-up question to Why are the working class more authoritarian than other socioeconomic classes? [ http://www.quora.com/Why-are-the-working-class-more-authoritarian-than-other-socioeconomic-classes ].
What are some examples of successful MMA fighters who DID NOT come from a lower socio-economic class?	MMA; 	
What was the point of the beginning scene where Noriko comes late to class and then the teacher gets stabbed by another kid (Yoshitoki)?	Movie Story and Plot Themes; Battle Royale (2000 movie); 	Why does the teacher get stabbed?
What is congee known as in the various of Chinese? Where does the name 'congee' come from?	Chinese Food; Congee; History of Food; 	
How does a shy guy get a girlfriend?	Meeting New People; Dating and Relationships; Introverts and Introversion; Meeting Women; 	Ok, I'm shy. I could classify myself as an introvert also. How can I approach girls and possibly ask them out? How can I meet women and get to know them.
How long should a person hold on to their college class notes?	The College and University Experience; Data Storage; 	There are issues of storage space, reference (although so many resources are now electronic), and nostalgia.
What do I need to found a life-drawing class?	Drawing; Fine Art; 	As part of a university art society, I wish to run a life drawing class. What are the bare essentials we need to run it effectively?
Where can I find butchering classes in Los Angeles?	Food in Los Angeles; Culinary Arts; Food; 	I am looking for quality butchering classes in Los Angeles for an advance chef.
Where can I find kickboxing classes in Seattle?	Kickboxing; Seattle, WA; 	East side
Where can I find pottery classes in London?	Where Can I Find X in London?; Pottery; 	Preferably evening or weekend classes for a beginner/intermediate level that are reasonably priced
Where can I find pottery classes in Kingston, ON?	Crafts (Practical Arts); Kingston, ON; Pottery; 	
Where can I find a good html class in DC?	HTML; Washington, D.C.; 	
Where can I find yin yoga classes in NYC?	Yoga; New York City; 	
Where can I find English yoga classes in Barcelona?	Expatriates; Fitness; Barcelona, Spain; Yoga; Spain; 	any type of yoga would do, but I would like to attend a class taught in English.
Where can I find a good typography class in NY?	New York City; Classes in New York City; 	Not looking to get a degree, just an extracurricular class aimed at helping designers.
Where can I find calligraphy classes in Chicago?	Chicago; Calligraphy; 	 
Where can I find interesting cooking classes in Melbourne?	Food; Cooking; Melbourne, Victoria, Australia; 	
Should elementary schools have classes on how to make friends?	Elementary School and Elementary Schools; Friendship; Education; 	
How can I make friends with the people I am in class with?	Graduate School; Friendship; Schools; 	
Why is it that being a 21 year old unattractive guy, a lot of my friends(who are girls) tell me I should find someone, like "you SHOULD find someone, eventually"?	Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; 	I have been triggered to ask this after my sister told me the same thing, like it is too late. Is it too late to find someone? What should I do?
How come I can't find my calendar in Outlook-Mac?	OS X; OS X Applications; Microsoft Outlook for Mac; 	I'm on my first Mac ever -- so far so good. At first, my Outlook looked just like it did in Windows -- but now something has changes and I cannot see my calendar or task list or anything like that. How can I get the standard view back?
How do I find out when Uber is coming to my city?	Startups; Disruptive Technology; Geolocation; Uber; Location-Based Services (LBS); 	I currently live in Detroit and I'm really interested in working with Uber to bring their on-demand private car service to this city, but how can I find out where they are in the process of bringing Uber to this and other cities?   I understand that they have current openings for positions for cities they're operating in and "Launcher" openings for "multiple countries" but the information I am looking for is not available here. Also, I don't see this information on their blog. I realize there may be good rationale to keep this information private, but any tips would be helpful.
I have an MBA, how come I can’t find a job?	Jobs; 	
Is Facebook approaching the end of its lifecycle? What comes after Facebook?	Startup Advice and Strategy; Product Lifecycle Management; Social Media; Facebook; Startups; 	
How do I convince ambitious girl that I'm a great partner for her? We know each other for 3 years. This year she appeared to me as a girl, who I want to be with. We have been 2 times on a "dates". Once in cinema and once in coffee bar. Also we have been to 3 school trips, where I shot about 150 photos of her. She knows about every photo. We had a lot of fun together :) She likes me (my stupid jokes, my helpful and big-hearted character, says I'm handsome), but she says now, she doesn't have time to go out with me. She sings, plays guitar, makes handmade jewellery and work hard for school, so she may have less free time. But maybe she doesn't want to be with me because she is not ready? She's a pretty girl and I know some guys want to date her too. I'm not desperate, so I won't beg her to date me, but it would be perfect to be with her.  P.S. I'm 19 and she's 16?	Love; 	
Which math classes should every Computer Science student take?	Software Engineering; Web Development; Computer Programming; Learning; Algorithms; Computer Science; Mathematics; 	What are some particularly necessary/helpful math courses or topics for a CS student to explore, and why are they helpful?
What do math professors expect their students to take away from class?	Academia; Mathematics; College and University Faculty; 	Knowledge of all the theorems and their proofs?  A general feel for the subject?  Increased mathematical maturity?  If you take an algebra course now, do they expect you to remember Sylow's theorem three years later?  Or just the standard techniques used to prove algebra theorems?
What should a guy do when an attractive drunk girl comes on to him?	Drunkenness; Dating Etiquette; 	This just happened to me at a Super Bowl party. The thing is, she did it in front of everyone (asking me to have sex with her, etc), and it put me, a shy person to begin with, on the spot. How should I have handled this?
Where did the quote "Women want you and men want to BE you" come from?	Phrase Origins; 	Google just reveals a bunch of lame PUA blogs.
What is the best place to take hand embroidery classes in Seattle?	Seattle, WA; Learning; Embroidery; 	I would really like to improve my embroidery skills.  I embroider by hand.
Jae Kim : Hey, thanks for answering the engineering question. I wanted to ask since you have both degrees, what kind of problems do you exactly solve in EE? I've researched it and i've come to understand that its a lot of physics and actually come coding (C++ i think). Do you work on big power systems, computers etc..? Also being in both fields, how do you find the job market? Which market do you think is better? I do a lot of tech blogging for different sites, and it seems that there are more coders then ever!  Thanks so much -Jeff?	Direct Question; 	
Is it inappropriate or creepy to buy a little girl who is with her father some ice cream because her father doesn't want to?	Manners and Etiquette; Parenting; 	And what would be a good way of broaching the transaction? Give the dad five bucks and tell him to buy her some ice cream, ask to buy it for her, or how?
How come the director of Engineering at Facebook is "allowed" to bend the rules of name using? Isn't it "unfair" to every other user?	Facebook Engineering; Facebook; 	https://www.facebook.com/boz
Will I ever find love?  I know this question is pretty pathetic for a 21 year old, but watching all of my friends in relationships, or having been in the past.. And then there's me, never had a relationship, sat wondering why Im so terrible at finding anyone who likes me and what not. This isn't a ploy for self pity or fishing or any jazz, more a genuine question for anyone who has been where I am or can give some good advice...	Needs Spelling, Grammar, or Formatting Edits; Romance (love); Needs to Be Shorter; 	
What's your philosophy on accepting friends on Facebook? Do you want to know the person or do you accept friend requests from strangers?	Survey Questions; 	
Will the 10x engineers reveal themselves OR can we come up with a better name?	Engineering; Productivity; 10X Engineers; 	In my experience I have never met developers who called themselves "10x engineers".  Yet, somehow tons of people have opinions on how to recognize these mysterious folks such as, "They don't even see the code. All they see is blonde, brunette, red-head.  Plus they love to debug code."  Are there developers out there willing to say, "Yes, I am 10x" or can we come up with a better name?
Is there an app such that it sends mail or notification if some friends comes to online?	Facebook Applications; Facebook Platform; Facebook (iOS App); Facebook; Facebook for Android (app); Facebook App Center; Facebook Application Development; 	
Should a CS undergrad student take a semester off of college to take online classes?	Online Education; edX; Codecademy; Software Engineering; Computer Programming; Higher Education; Colleges and Universities; Career Advice; Gap Year; Life; Coursera; Udacity; Codeschool; Life Advice; Education; Computer Science; 	Think Udacity [ http://www.quora.com/Udacity ], Codeschool [ http://www.quora.com/Codeschool ], Codecademy [ http://www.quora.com/Codecademy ], Coursera [ http://www.quora.com/Coursera ], and edX [ http://www.quora.com/edX ]. Assume the student's summer is already very busy and taking online classes during a semester in college is not feasible.
How come Dropbox has not been acquired yet?	Silicon Valley Mergers and Acquisitions; Dropbox; 	Don't get me wrong I love Dropbox and have been using it since day one. I'm just really amazed to see that the company has remained independent and all the more surprised not to have heard/read  rumors about a potential acquisition.  I cannot believe that Dropbox has not been approached by Google, Microsoft, or Apple.  So I guess i'm wondering why would Dropbox refuse to be acquired and what would they gain by remaining independent. I mean, however good the service may be, synchronization remains a sort of niche service for geeks.  I know Dropbox's co-founder Drew Houston in on Quora. I would love to hear what he has to say.
What are the best Stanford math classes?	Stanford University Courses; Mathematics; Stanford University; Statistics (mathematical science); 	Also, what are good intro to statistics courses for an undergrad?
What are some of the best Math classes at Harvard?	Mathematics; Harvard College Courses; Harvard University; Harvard College; 	
Is it bad that ever since I got into MIT my tolerance/stamina for classes I don't want to take is gone?	MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology); 	Classes like Microsoft suite 2010 (an actual class) is actually harder for me than differential equations because the former is so intellectually lacking that I can't get myself to actual do the work, especially since I've already gone through six or seven upper levels classes that are simply boring.
I want to learn to draw without taking classes (self-taught)? what books should I look into.	Fine Art; Drawing; 	Specifically cartoon drawing, animating for storyboards and general scenic drawing
What are the best Stanford cs classes to take if you want to build a mobile or web app?	Stanford University; Computer Science; 	
Will it look bad to graduate schools if I take a required English class at a community college instead of at my university?	Graduate School Admissions; Colleges and Universities; Graduate School; 	I will be applying to graduate school in the sciences. I don't want to take English at the university because it'll probably be more work, but I can transfer over the credits from a CC.
How come Facebook Messaging has not replaced text message yet?	Facebook; Instant Messaging (IM); Texting;  Facebook Messages; 	(in United States)
How do you undo sending a page request to all your Facebook friends?	Facebook; 	Oops. 
What will it take for an Indian technology startup aspiring to be like APPLE when it comes to product design, to find its own Jonathan Ive?	User Experience; Startups in India; Design; Finding Co-Founders; Startups; Startup Advice and Strategy; 	Is it more difficult for a young technology startup from India to find a UX/UI designer with an entrepreneurial spirit?   Is it difficult to find a design intern in India who could join at early stage of a startup and work all the way to become the Chief Design Officer. Someone who could be as important as a co-founder if not a co-founder himself?  Is there a disconnect between the expectations of a UX/UI designer and the tech product startups of India? Do tech startups in the indian ecosystem still dont understand what's the value of product & information design?   Or is it just too difficult for a tech entrepreneur who has a huge respect for design, to bump into a passionate young designer driven by the same reasons, purpose over money, vision over stability?  P.S.: The question is less about Steve or Jony or APPLE but more about the intent!
Hi there. I want to know that can I use shortcut keys with power point and how? If you can then please give me some examples also..	Power Point; Computers; 	
Why did Rugby never take off as a sport in the USA? how did the nfl come in to being?	Sports; 	
How can a guy try on girl clothes in the store without people considering him creepy?	Clothing Retailers; Crossdressing; 	
Is it creepy or cute for a girl to send a guy an e-card (or related item) on Valentine's day if they've casually dated, but are currently non-exclusive (in different cities)?	Social Advice; Valentine's Day; Dating and Relationships; 	
I just started boxing, my next class is tomorrow and my hands hurt so bad i cant imagine punching for 3 hours straight again. Anyone know how to take care of this problem?	Muscles; Boxing; Exercise; 	p.s. i already soaked them in minty water which helped a bit and tried stretching out the muscles
What would you do if you just graduated from college in a subject you never wanted to take and now you have a job in hand but you know that you are gonna crack sooner or later due to the guilt of not having made the right decision at the right time?	Survey Questions; Life; 	
How much does a world class Web developer make in Latin America? And where can a world class web developer find jobs in L.A.?	Startups in Brazil; Latin America; Startups in Chile; Startups in Latin America; 	I got a CS degree, worked in web projects using RoR, Play Framework and have a really good grasp on algorithms, design patterns, etc. I am not sure if I am, but at least I strive to become world class and I work constantly on improving my skills.   Yet I have struggled to find an appropirate job in Latin America after returning home from my studies. Where are the tech jobs in Latin America? Or are there any? What are some advice you could provide for this situation?  All I have been able to find are very low pay boring corporate jobs. Is this the only thing I can expect  to find?
What does a girl have in mind if she sends friend request to a unknown person on facebook?	Dating and Relationships; 	
What should a guy do if he comes to know that his girlfriend had worked as a mistress in a BDSM club before their relationship started?	Dating and Relationships; 	
How do you find the married name of someone who you once knew?	People Search; 	I've lost touch with an old friend but I don't know her married name, so I can't figure out how to reconnect with her on the Interwebs.
How often should a guy buzz cut his hair?  Im a college student not focussed on my looks but I want to look good enough to attract the ladies. I wear name brand tshirts but not jeans and shop at ross type stores (just for some background).  How do girls feel about this?	Hairstyles; 	
How should I know if I should come out of the closet?	LGBTQ; Coming Out & Outing; 	I've recently come out to myself and my significant other.  How do I know if/when I should come out to anyone/everyone else?  Is this something that everyone should do eventually, or do some people never do it (and still do okay - I don't want to be damaged by having to keep a secret all my life and/or will it damage me)?
Will Rose ever come back into Doctor Who?	Doctor Who (TV series); 	
Will The Dark Knight Rises come to mainland China?	The Dark Knight Rises (2012 movie); Movie Release Dates; Business in China; Chinese Cinema; China; Chen Guangcheng; 	Surely it's a great financial loss for both the studio and the Chinese cinema industry?  Does it have something to do with Christian Bale being roughed up by the local thugs guarding blind activist Chen Guangcheng while trying to visit him late last year?  I can't express how disappointed I am with this news, I'm seriously contemplating a day trip to Hong Kong next month.
Im an owner/ceo and want to get feedback from my employees on my performance to better serve them and the company. I find people gun shy when talking to the boss/owner. Suggestions?	Feedback; 	I was looking for anonymous 360 review web based apps, cant seem to find anything good though?  this is my first crack at posting a question. hope i am using the proper etiquette and it will illicit some responses....cc
Why are guys so creepy?	Dating and Relationships; 	*sometimes
How fit should you be before taking Krav Maga classes?	Martial Arts; Krav Maga; Fitness; 	
How do some people manage to take 6 classes at MIT?	MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology); College and University Students; 	
Anyone has taken classes at a Confucius Institute and how do you feel about it?	Chinese (language); 	How are the teachers there, how are their teaching skills, and what is the school reputation around the neighbourhood?
How can I take classes at Stanford without paying for them?	Stanford University Courses; Stanford University; 	I recently graduated from my masters program in a good school and moved to the bay area for my first job in the US. I am interested in taking classes at Stanford. While, I would like to pay for them, I'm not in a financial situation where I can do that. So, I wonder how can I take these classes? (and no online classes please.) I am interested in Computer Science, Design (Industrial, Graphic, HCI), Psychology and Behavioral Sciences.
If you know one of your good friends is cheating on his girlfriend with a girl that you wanted to get with, what should you do in order to have more time for playing World of Warcraft?	Video Games; Joke Question; Hilarious Questions; World of Warcraft; 	
How do you get to know other students in large lecture classes?	Meeting New People; Friendship; Interpersonal Interaction; 	See also: How do you get to know other students in a small class? [ http://www.quora.com/How-do-you-get-to-know-other-students-in-a-small-class ]
How do you get to know other students in a small class?	Meeting New People; Interpersonal Interaction; Friendship; 	See also: How do you get to know other students in large lecture classes? [ http://www.quora.com/How-do-you-get-to-know-other-students-in-large-lecture-classes ]
Is it creepy that a guy in his early forties hits on a girl in very early twenties? Why or why not?	Dating Advice; Dating and Relationships; 	
Is it creepy that a girl in her early twenties hits on a guy in his very early forties? Why or why not?	Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; 	This is a follow-up question to Is it creepy that a guy in his early forties hits on a girl in very early twenties? Why or why not? [ http://www.quora.com/Is-it-creepy-that-a-guy-in-his-early-forties-hits-on-a-girl-in-very-early-twenties-Why-or-why-not ].
If I want to buy the new iPhone when it comes out, but want to keep my current voice (family) plan and just add a data plan, how much will it cost me? 	AT&T; Mobile Phones; iPhone; Apple Inc.; 	I have been an AT&T customer for many years so will I qualify for some sort of deduction? Do I have to add a 2 year voice and data plan, or can I just add the 2 year data plan to qualify for the better price?
If you didn't take any science classes in college (undergrad) can you still get into a medical school?	Medical School; Medicine and Healthcare; MCAT; 	If yes, what's the best route to take next because you still need to take certain classes (physics, chem, ochem, bio, etc.)? College level science classes or nearby community college? Then study for MCATs obviously.
What classes/majors should a freshman take if he/she is thinking about building startups from college?	Colleges and Universities; Computer Science; Stanford University; University of California, Berkeley; Business; Startups; 	
What is the best way to take notes for college classes on the iPad?	Notes; iPad; 	I recently got an iPad 1 and I am trying to figure out the best way to take good and efficient notes on my iPad. It is much lighter and easier to carry than my laptop, but I want to make sure I am not limiting myself by using just an iPad, instead of a full-featured laptop with Microsoft Word.
How do I explain to my friend that I don't want to know what he gets up to with another guy in the bedroom, not because I'm homophobic, but because I just don't want to know?	Homophobia; Homosexuality; Dating and Relationships; 	He's a friend of mine who hasn't publicly come out of the closet, but he has outed himself to me. So there are certain aspects of his life that he can't talk about with anyone, including his own family. So he chooses to share these aspects with me. However, he goes into vivid detail when it comes to sexual activities with other guys. When I tell him I don't want to know, he implicitly accuses me of homophobia and expresses distress. What he doesn't seem to understand is I wouldn't want to know even if he was with a girl. I'm just uncomfortable with people I know in real life telling me about what they get up to beyond a certain level of detail. I've put this across in this manner, but he hasn't changed in this regard. I don't want him to feel like he has lost me as a confidant. I don't know if its relevant, but I'm a guy too.
Cody Pterodactyl Foster : How did you come by such an awesome middle name?	Direct Question; 	
How did the writers of Seinfeld come up with Kramer's first name, Cosmo?	Seinfeld (TV series); 	
How have people in China come to differentiate between individuals with identical names in various settings?	China; Names and Naming; 	I recall reading an article back when telephone books were in vogue that this was a problem in Beijing. From afar it appears that the prevalence of common and monosyllabic names is suited to agrarian settings and that China's lurch into urbanity would require new means of differentiation in maybe several different areas, and not just in relation to phone directories.
How do come up with an amount to ask companies for sponsorship naming a live music festival?	Concerts; Live Music; Sponsorship; Marketing; Events; Corporate Sponsorship; 	
When academicians come up with theorems or techniques, how do they get the theorems being called by their name?	Academia; Academic Research; Mathematics; Scientific Research; Mathematics Best Practices; 	Let's consider, say Nash Equilibrium.  Now, I believe Nash didn't write his paper with calling the equilibrium as "Nash Equilibrium",  as it would appear self-aggrandizing. So how come we call it Nash Equilibrium ? Who gave it the name of the person who discovered it ?
How did Tumblr make their URL have a person's name come first?	Tumblr; 	when you go to tumblr and sign up the url is firstlastname.tumblr.com.   How did they program that?
How did Netflix come up with the name Qwikster for their DVD-by-mail service?	Netflix-Qwikster Announcement (Sep 18, 2011); Netflix; Qwikster; 	(This question was originally asked before the October 11, 2011 reversal of the Qwikster spin-off strategy by Netflix).
What names have negative connotations? How did they come to acquire those negative connotations?	Connotations; Meaning; The History and Evolution of the English Language; Names and Naming; 	I've seen websites that claim:  * Bertha makes people think overweight  * Marvin makes people think "dorky." What are other examples like this?  How did those names and other such names come to have the negative connotations they have?
Ariel Seidman : How did you come up with the name ''gig'' for a task on Gigwalk?	Direct Question; 	
How did Ali Baba , a Chinese company, come up with an Arabic name?	Arabic (language); Chinese (language); Ali Baba; 	
Who came up with the name Jetsetter ? How much did the URL cost?	Group Buying Companies ; Domain Names; Travel; Startup and New Venture Origins Stories; Gilt Groupe; Jetsetter; 	
How do journalists come up with pseudonyms for sources whose names they change?	Journalism; 	Are there conventions for it or journalistic-ethics issues associated with choosing pseudonyms?  Also, take "journalist" here is an expansive sense that includes magazine and nonfiction-book writers who have cause to change the names of people they write about.
How come Unit of distance "LIGHT YEAR" got its name from unit of time?	Astronomy; 	I am kinda curious about this :)
Giordano Bruno Contestabile : How did your parents come to name you after the great astronomer?	Direct Question; 	
How come there aren't any girl baseball teams?	Baseball; 	
How can I come off as not into a girl that I'm into so that she likes me?	Love; Dating Advice; Dating Etiquette; Dating and Relationships; 	I'm not only looking for ways that I could appear this way but also a new mindset that I could view my romantic life and her.
How come all the girls on OKCupid are fat?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; OkCupid; 	Surely the $20 that they save by not using other dating sites isn't buying enough food to feed the girls that ate the girls in their profile photos.
What color rose should a guy gift a girl when he wants to start off a relationship with her?	Dating Advice; Dating and Relationships; Gifts; Survey Questions; 	Suppose a guy has met a girl only once-twice and has a meeting setup with her and thinks of gifting her a rose. What color should he choose considering that different colored roses mean different things?
What are the maximum lengths of PHP variable, function and class name?	PHP; Web Development; 	
Why do upper-class WASP families give their children uber preppy names?	Wealthy People and Families; Baby Names; WASPs (White Anglo-Saxon Protestants); White People; 	Checking the score on a college lacrosse game I noticed the rosters of the teams. Names like "Steele" and "Wells", "Wickliffe" and "Tad" must be normal at prep schools, but they'd turn heads anywhere else just as "Billy Ray" or "Kenton" would at a country club.  Do these names have some special cultural meaning? Is just an in-community signal?
What are the commonly accepted naming conventions for CSS ID and class selectors?	Web Standards; Web Development; Cascading Style Sheets; 	This is a follow-up question to JavaScript: What are commonly accepted naming conventions for JavaScript? [ http://www.quora.com/JavaScript/What-are-commonly-accepted-naming-conventions-for-JavaScript ].
What would happen if you turned in a homework assignment under the name of another student in the class?	Academic Plagiarism and Cheating; Code of Ethics; Homework; 	
In Ruby on Rails, what is the difference between making a named_scope and a class function?	Named_scope; Ruby on Rails; 	In terms of speed, SQL query generated, etc.
How long should you wait to ask out a guy right after he broke up with his girl friend? I want to ask out a guy, but I'm afraid it is too soon?	Dating and Relationships; 	
What is your idea of a creepy friend?	Survey Questions; Human Behavior; 	The kind of friend that sometimes freaks you out
How do I convince my friend to come out of the closet?	LGBTQ; Life Advice; 	He lives in the Bay Area. He's still worried about discrimination, for some reason.
I just met a girl and found out that she's really good friends with a guy for 2 years yet is not going out with him. On further research I found that he is sort of interested in her. What should I do, should I give it a shot?	Dating and Relationships; 	
How important are proof based math classes for graduate level physics?	Physics; Graduate School; Theoretical Physics; Mathematical Physics; 	For both the standard required material, and more advanced theoretical physics.
As an undergrad in math, how can I figure out if I have the requisite experience for a graduate class?	Mathematics; Graduate School; 	
How you applied the flipped classroom for a math class and what has been your experience?	Survey Questions; Education; Flipped Classroom; 	
How does quora find some of my facebook friends' email not signed up on quora yet?	Facebook Connect; Quora; Needs to Be Clearer; 	From what I can see on the invite your friends' box. As it's impossible to get them trough the graph API, how are they doing?
I an currently a student at a community college who got accepted at UAlbany, and would it be better to finish my A.S. (associates) or just go? BTW, I want to go for physics but I only need 3 more classs for the A.S.	University at Albany; 	
Why is art history a college class?	The College and University Experience; Art History; College and University Majors; 	
Consequences of failing a community college class?	Community College; Colleges and Universities; 	For someone who has already graduated university and is taking community college classes on the side, are there any consequences to failing a community college class, aside from not meeting prereqs for a subsequent class?
Why are college students late to class?	Behavioral Economics; 	When they know how much in tuition dollars it is costing them. What can be done to correct the behavior?
Does middle class entail a college education?	Higher Education; Wealth; Education; 	
Will facebook.com/"company name" come to an end like AOL Keyword: "company name"?	Future of Internet; Facebook; Vanity URLs; AOL; Marketing on Facebook; 	
I am a software engineer fresh out of college and have been working in a software company for the past  6months- specifically system software-core. I am a computer science engineer from a reputed Indian engineering college.  I am planning to do an MBA within the next couple of years or so. I have a few assumptions for which I need validation- I am of the opinion that the work experience I'm gaining will not be of much value for admission into an MBA college as well as after the course. So I'm thinking of shifting to a business intelligence company. I think this would be apt for me before an MBA since this would not only harness my technical skills but also expose me to the business aspects, which is so not the case in my current job.   So I wanted to know if my assumptions are correct. Also, which type of company should I join-something like JP Morgan which has major BI teams already or some start up, tons of which are coming up.  And, what is the knowledge I am expected to have in case I go for an interview in one of these companies? Lastly, should I also keep my college achievements in my resume, since there are hardly any achievements in my professional life till now.   Thanks a lot?	Business Intelligence; Master of Business Administration; 	
My 11 yr old wants to start learning how to do programming/animation. Anyone have good suggestions on how to get him started on a simple platform/language that he'll enjoy, but can use later when he's taking programming classes in school?	Computer Animation; Programming Languages; 	
How do you define a World Class Web Designer/ Front End Developer and what advise can you give to people that want to be one of them?	Web Design; 	
What is the best way to learn about Moodle if you are a teacher and want to integrate it in your classes?	Moodle; 	
I missed a class and want to get the notes. Can I ask the professor or my TA?	F2011 Engl205; University of Calgary; 	
After coming home from office, what can we do that makes you want to come back early?	Life; 	
Owen Sha : hi everybody  I come in	Needs to Be Clearer; Direct Question; 	
Which SEM agencies/tech companies are world class when it comes to real-time-analysis and bidding/keyword optimization? (ROI focus, not just CPC)	Search Engine Marketing; 	
My girlfriend told me she wants to include a girlfriend of hers in our relationship. You know "just for fun". I find this utterly disrespectful. Should I break up with her?	Ethics; Breaking Up; Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; Morals and Morality; 	She said she never would have thought of it but that she loves me so much that she's trying to please me. I find it disingenuous. Why can't we just have each other? I would never have started dating her if I knew she was so kinky.
Will facebook come to china soon?	Facebook in China; 	
Will Facebook come up with an IaaS offering?	Cloud Computing; 	Given the amount of energy Facebook is putting into erecting a fully owned data center infrastructure, what is the likelihood of the company coming up with an IaaS offering to compete with AWS EC2/Rackspace.
What would it take for you to come speak at a college campus in California?	Public Speaking; 	
How does one come up with stories like the dinosaur used to live under the shadows of another bigger dino to save it skin? I want to know how the palentologists come up with all this. Is this a calculated guess?	Dinosaurs; 	https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=395126950573088&set=a.319775924774858.78174.319768411442276&type=1&theater
Where can I find yoga teachers that will come to my house?	Yoga; 	
If someone says "You will have to wait for santa to come to find out" does that usually mean a yes?	Psychology; 	One of my family members is getting me some kind of tablet computer (I know this). I'm pretty sure it's either a Nexus 7 or an iPad mini. So I asked if she was getting me a Nexus and she said "I can't confirm or disconfirm this (through email). You will have to wait for santa to come."  So, is it likely that if she was getting me a Nexus, and I asked her if she was getting an iPad, she would say no? (instead of santa-related response)
Where can I find someone who will come to my house to cut my hair?	Haircuts; San Francisco; Hair; New York City; 	
Where can I find a list of hair dressers that will come to the customer's house?	Hair; 	
In The Godfather, how come The Black Hand never thought to exact revenge on Vito Corleone?	The Godfather; 	
How can I initiate a conversation with an unknown girl who I've only seen on LinkedIn and Facebook without appearing creepy or desperate?	Meeting Women; Flirting; Online Dating Tips; Dating and Relationships; Romance (love); Online Dating; Dating Advice; 	There is this amazingly beautiful girl I saw on Facebook (pretty sure she is single). We do have mutual contacts, but I don't know anyone well enough to get introduced to her. I would really like to get to know her on the basis of what I found out about her on FB and Linkedin.   There are not too many girls who I fall for and she is one of the rare few for who I have this crazy head-over-heels feeling for. I am not bad with girls and have had girlfriends etc. in the past but just not sure how to approach this beautiful woman in a situation like this. Also, I am doing fairly well professionally and would like to believe I look ok too, so the girl would definitely not be repulsed by me if she otherwise met me somewhere :)   Or is this just not possible? Thank you for your time!
Can I know when I sent  a friend request to someone on Facebook?	Facebook; 	
How do lawyers form classes of plaintiffs for class actions?	Legal Issues; Law Firms; Litigation and Lawsuits; Attorneys; Law; Class Actions; 	I'm thinking more consumer class actions rather than securities and shareholder suits.  How does the lead attorney go about forming the class? Do they simply take one lead plaintiff who seems to have a claim that probably has affected a lot of people and promise to the court (on some evidentiary basis) that there are likely to be a lot more plaintiffs? Or do they need something more than that before asking for certification?  Do they have to have the class formed prior to asking for class certification?   If not, how long, if they even have to, do they have until they have to come up with more than numerous hypothetical plaintiffs and be able to say "there are actually a lot of plaintiffs I can specifically point to"?   I'm trying to do some research on this and the pain points for lawyers with regard to forming class actions, so if you could answer here and/or fill out my (very very short) Google Survey, it'd be much appreciated.  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dHo4WTRLMzA3QTFMM19yMkdPdlhlaFE6MQ
I am taking SLE, Math 51, and Psych 50. SLE takes a good amount of time, Math 51 takes about an hour a day for me, and Psych is not that easy. I'm also a carillonneur, which takes up 7 hours a week. Am I taking too many classes? Is this too much?	Stanford University; 	
How do I help my friend find a guy?	Dating and Relationships; Jewish People; New York City; Love; Singles Dating; 	She's 42, a nurse, lives in Manhattan, never married, cute, and Jewish.  Suggestions?
Why isn't Linux introduced in beginning computer science classes?	Computer Science; Computer Programming; Learning to Program; Learning Linux; Linux; 	Perhaps this only pertains to my school. Wouldn't an introduction to Linux serve as good practice along the way of beginning computer science classes? This is high school we're talking about, I'm not even sure if they do it in college.
What should you send to a media buyer at an interactive advertising agency when they want first contact to come by mail?	Advertising Agencies; Media Buying; Advertising and Advertisements; Interactive Advertising; Digital Advertising; Internet Advertising; Display Advertising; 	Some interactive media buyers want their first contact with a seller to come by mail.  Is that just their way of throwing up a roadblock?
What are the best tips for coming up with a brand name?	Product Branding; Brand Naming; Company Names; Startup Names; 	
I need help coming up with a  name for a startup, thoughts?	Startups; Startup Advice and Strategy; Startup Names; Business; 	
Which name out of all those in the world comes last in the alphabet?	Names and Naming; 	First name or last name. I knew a boy whose surname was Zwyck.
What are the funniest nicknames of Indian names that you have come across?	Funny or Die (website); India; Nicknames; 	How did they come into being/Was there any logic behind the nickname?  Follow up Q.: India: What are some of the funniest Indian names you've heard? [ http://www.quora.com/India/What-are-some-of-the-funniest-Indian-names-youve-heard ]
Does anyone have a process for coming up with internal application names?	Business Process Modeling; Naming Conventions; Names and Naming; 	I work at a large financial institution, and we are really bad at naming our internal applications. They usually end up as some four or five letter acronym of the process or problem.  I’m sure others people have worked with application names like CAPS, MAPPS, TRAXS CRIMS and thought they suck.        So does anyone have a nice method of deriving catchy yet meaningful application names from an applications process?
Where do the weird names come from in the jailbreak community?	iOS Jailbreaking; 	greenp0ison limera1n ultrasn0w etc
What are ways to come up with a great domain name for a website?	Domain Names; 	
From your experience, what is the best way to come up with a product name?	Startups; Product Management; Entrepreneurship; Survey Questions; 	
Who came up with the name Zipkin? What's the story behind it?	Twitter Engineering; Twitter; Zipkin; Twitter Inc. (company); 	I'm referring to Twitter's new open source distributed tracing project http://engineering.twitter.com/2012/06/distributed-systems-tracing-with-zipkin.html
Where does the name "Shadow Secretary" or "Shadow Minister" come from?	UK Politics; Politics; United Kingdom; London, UK; History of Great Britain; Shadow Government; British Parliament; 	
Where do the names of currencies (dollar, yen, franc) come from?	Etymology; Currencies; Names and Naming; 	
Where did the name Siri come from on the new iPhone?	Siri (software); iPhone; Apple Inc.; iPhone 4S; 	
Which is the worst name for a person you've come across?	Baby Names; Social Psychology; Etymology; Survey Questions; Words; English (language); 	Some names just sound strange because they remind you of something else, perhaps in your native language. What's the worst name you've come across, and why?
In Apache Tomcat, where did the name Catalina come from?	Names and Naming; Apache Tomcat; 	
Where did the name Kenya come from?  When was it first used?	Names and Naming; History; Name Origins; Kenya; 	
Where does someone with the name Othman Laraki  come from?	Othman Laraki; Googlers; Ex-Googlers; 	
Where did the name "7 For All Mankind" (the denim brand) come from?	How Did X Company Get Its Name?; Fashion Brands; 7 For All Mankind; Denim; Jeans; Fashion and Style; How Did X Get Its Name?; Brand Naming; 	
Where do the names for letters in the English alphabet come from?	English (language); Latin Alphabet; Etymology; 	Some of them are phonetic and straightforward, like "o", but some are rather strange, like "h", which uses sounds not often in modern English, or "c", which usually doesn't sound like its own name!
Where does the name "Mr. Big" come from in Sex and the City?	Television Dramas; Movies; Television; Sex and the City (TV series & creative franchise); Television Comedies; Television Series; Sex and the City (2008 movie); 	
Asking for their name on coming soon landing page?	Minimum Viable Product (MVP); Landing Pages; Startups; Customer Development; 	I know that the done thing is usually to ask for only the email address of those signing up but have you asked for their name too? I mean their first name only along with their email address.
What ethnicity or heritage does the name Gunawan come from?	Names and Naming; Race and Ethnicity; 	
What are good ways to come up with cool names for a startup?	Startup Advice and Strategy; 	
In Florida, where does the name Opa-Locka come from?	Native Americans; Native American Languages; Florida; City and Town Names; Opa-Locka; 	Opa-locka is a city in Miami-Dade County, Florida, with about 15,200 inhabitants.
Where did the name Twilight for the Twilight book series come from?	Names and Naming; Twilight (book, movie and creative franchise); Books; 	
What is the best way to come up with a startup name?	Startup Advice and Strategy; Brand Strategy; Startups; 	Related to:  * Startup Names: What should one consider while naming a startup? [ http://www.quora.com/Startup-Names/What-should-one-consider-while-naming-a-startup ]  * What are good company and startup names? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-good-company-and-startup-names ] 
Where did Mark Pincus come up with the name Zinga for his dog?	Technology; Zynga; 	I know the company is named after his dog, but how did he name his dog Zynga?
Tolkien scholarship: From whence did the names of characters and places come?	Books; J.R.R. Tolkien; 	Some, such as Gimli, are torn straight from Norse mythology; other names are less obviously borrowed (such as Radagast and Middle-Earth.) I am curious as to the origins of other names; any sources you can provide would be much appreciated!
Continuing education: Where can I find classes/night classes in (1) Italian and (2) Solidworks?	Continuing Education; SolidWorks; Irvine, CA; Education; Italian (language); 	
Why do I find many good looking girls hanging out with really bad looking guys (the kind you never expected to have a girlfriend) and vice versa?	Dating and Relationships; 	This is my observation in my country India. I dont know about other countries.
How do you find your Hebrew name?	Judaism; 	
Is there an asynchronous http request related class in PHP?	PHP; 	I'm not looking for AJAX solutions. My app (running on a server) need to fetch a lot of web pages. Running plural processes can improve the efficiency although I don't know why, however, I cannot fork when on Windows.
Do girls also want to be objectified?	Women; Dating and Relationships; India; 	In India, the girls generally go out in Malls, in short dresses and all. And I know guys who go to mall and rate them on scale of 10. So my question is Are those guys crazy or girls like to be objectified.
Will China become dominant culturally? If so, how long will this take to come about?	The Future; Globalization; Chinese Culture; China; 	The US has been the dominant culture for decades. China is shortly to usurp the USA economically. Will the same happen culturally?
How can one create a PHP class to send and pull tweets from any user?	PHP; 	Using OAuth API Libraries, how can one create a PHP class to send and receieve tweets from any given user.
How would you find your friend if his name was Marco at a marco polo torment?	Joke Question; Survey Questions; Search; Hilarious Questions; Friendship; 	
What important things do I need to consider in order to build my first site for my new business? I have some guys who want to build it for me but I dont really know how to approach to them to set up milestones and users cases scenarios, I believe I should find somebody who understand my business so they can organize the construction of the site for me, right?	Needs to Be Clearer; Web Design; 	
Suman Karumuri : I sent this to your email address but it bounced.  Here's what I sent:  Hi Suman,     I got your name from a question that you answered on Quora about the best online e-commerce shopping cart.     We are a tiny business, and we currently use PDG (enterprise edition). Unlike the previous questioner, we have many SKUs (over two thousand products, and they come in many colors as well).     We too care about coupon codes, security, inventory tracking, and shipping integration, but also the ability to have multiple special offers that automatically expire after a certain period (e.g., 20% if you order within the next two weeks).  We've also thought about having a "frequent flier" component where regular customers are offered increased discounts to buy more.     One added complication for our site: we actually have TWO sites: one is wholesale for our retail customers, and the other is our consumer site for regular folks who want our proucts.     Other desired features:     *         Search (must distinguish between consumers and wholesale since we do  not want our consumer customers to have access to our whoesale pricing structure);  *         Sort products by price on website;  *         Have zoom feature so that folks can see products in greater detail;  *         Have ability to generate (and track) gift certificats);  *         Password protected;  *         Ability to maintain different products in different subcategories;  *         Ability to copy products (so that when we are reentering data about the same product, we can then simply change one filed, e.g., color or price, instead of reentering all of the data again;  *         Allow for "breadcrumbs" so that we could say when someone likes a particular product: "Others who have liked that product have also liked this product."     Thanks Suman.     Marc	Direct Question; 	
How do I invite non-friends to fan my Facebook Page?  I have their names and e-mail addresses (and don't worry, they've opted in to this request).	Facebook; Facebook Pages; Facebook User Tips; 	
How does it feel being a guy with a girl's name? And vice-versa.	What Does It Feel Like to X?; Names and Naming; 	
My girlfriend went to a nightclub for a girls' night out, came back at 4 a.m. and spent the first hour of the next day throwing up. How worried should I be?	Dating and Relationships; Cheating (relationship and marital infidelity); 	The poster for the event she went to depicts a young lady sitting down in a chair, with her panties around her ankles.
I have an account at multiple sites. I have removed my last name from these sites, but they are still in the Google results when searching for my full name. How come?	Google; 	
Is it wise to take a 3 weeks crash course class for java?   I really want to learn programming language but I really can't seem to focus enough on my own to really learn the basis.	Java (programming language); 	
What do Jehovah Witnesses want when they come to your door?	Jehovah's Witnesses; Door-to-door Sales; Religion; 	Do they give you a bible?  Is it a "normal" bible?  I've had Latter-day Saints give me a Book of Mormon before.  Do they just want to talk to you and preach about their religion?
When do you see something you want to come back to later?	Needs to Be a Complete Sentence; Personal Productivity; Learning New Things; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Self-Improvement; 	For me personally:  1. When I see an email that I need to act on but at a later time.  2. When I find a cool song on Pandora while working and don't want to interrupt what I am doing to jot it down.  3. An interesting event which comes up on Twitter or via email which I want to look into when (if) I have some free time. 
When a cat comes up to you and meows, what does it want?	Animals; Cats (pets); Animal Behavior (Ethology); 	It's got enough food and water. It doesn't want to go out or do its business. It just comes up and meows. When you try to pet it, it sort of ducks away, goes away for a little while, then does it all over again. My friends don't know what it wants either. I'm going to have to look after it for a little while. So... Does anyone speak cat?
Why would one want to come up with unique ideas?	Ideas; Fine Art; Human Brain; Brainstorming; Deep Thoughts; Inspiration; Thinking; Neuroscience; Motivation; Imagination; 	Aren't shared ideas better? What are unique ideas anyway?  This is a follow-up question to What are some good ways to come up with unique ideas? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-ways-to-come-up-with-unique-ideas ].
What makes you want to come back to Quora?	Quora Follow Feature; Quora (product); Quora; Boards (Former Quora feature); 	What specific features appeal to you? Asking questions? Answering questions? Following popular users?   Or, is it community that appeals to you? Please explain.
What do you say to someone who already rejected you but keep coming back wanting to be friends with you?	Dating and Relationships; 	Your intention from the beginning is clearly NOT to be friend. Then, you get rejected.   And after deliberate ignoring call/texts for months on end and tons of variation of "I am busy", this person keep pinging you trying to be friends after rejecting you... wth?   What do you say?
How do I approach a girl who is a stranger to me as I'm quite shy?	Dating and Relationships; 	
Am I class of '10 or class of '11?	Graduate School; 	My degree was conferred in December of 2010.  I walked in the commencement ceremony in June 2011.  What class should I consider myself (for resume / profile purposes)? '10 or '11?
How could online classes be improved?	Education; 	I'm talking about the online classes offered by many colleges instead of, or in conjunction with on campus classes.   What is your most favorite thing about them, and what is your least favorite thing?   How do students cheat, or game them?  Do students learn more, or less in an online class?  Do students interact more, or less in an online class?
How do I catch up with my electronics class?	Electronics; Learning; 	I skipped many lectures and now I am lost.
How do Python Classes work?	Python (programming language); 	I am able to understand Python loops, functions, etc, but not classes.
How do you remove an element's class?	Web Development; JavaScript; 	Without using that of jQuery's [code js]removeClass();[/code] plugin.
How many classes of cars are there?	Cars and Automobiles; 	Almost every car commercial says their car is best in class MPG (or something else). Are there a ton of classes so that they are all able to make that claim?
How is the hapkido class at IITM?	Indian Institute of Technology, Madras; 	How is the teaching quality, infrastructure etc ? I am planning to join it.
I just found out that my girlfriend of 5 years has recently had unprotected sex with 6 guys, and wants to leave me because she is in love with a 7th guy. What should I do now?	Psychology; Psychotherapy; Breaking Up; Health and Wellness; Dating Etiquette; Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; 	She's 23, and we were living together and about to get married. This was completely unexpected and I don't know where to start. She is angry at me and refuses to talk for frivilous reasons. She says she still loves me. She has erased me from her life overnight (facebook, twitter). Has anyone else gone through a crisis like this before? I'm looking for a broad scope of answers answers ranging from what STDs to get tested for and what could explain this type of lying, to what to expect in the next few months / year. Tips are appreciated. Thank you for your help.
What are ways to make shy students to be more engaged in class activities?	Teaching; English as a Foreign Language; 	
How has your college experience been impacted by the ability to enroll in conflicting classes?	Stanford University Courses; Stanford University; Colleges and Universities; Higher Education; Education; Survey Questions; Time Management; 	There is talk at Stanford about banning students from enrolling in classes that overlap with each other - see Registrar proposes 8:30 a.m. starts, banning double-booked schedules [ http://www.stanforddaily.com/2013/02/27/registrar-proposes-830-a-m-starts-banning-double-booked-schedules/ ].  Are students at other colleges forbidden from enrolling in conflicting classes? If so, how are their lives different because of the lack of such enrollment? If not, how would their lives be different if suddenly, enrolling in conflicting classes was banned?  There is currently a petition to get this reversed at ASSU Undergraduate Senate [ http://senate.stanford.edu/main/petitions/view.php?id=50 ].
How Can i get into a German Engineering College after Passing Class 12 in India?	Studying Abroad; Germany; Engineering; India; 	I've just passed Class 12 and want to pursue Engineering Course in Germany. What are the requirements?
How common is having a class ring for colleges like the MIT Brass Rat?	MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology); Colleges and Universities; 	
How many college professors collect and analyze data related to their classes?	College and University Faculty; Education; Higher Education; Colleges and Universities; Technology in Education; 	Right from test scores to attendance to anything else that can be quantified and tabulated.  Also, what are the kind of changes (if any) professors have made on the basis of this data analysis? Examples are appreciated.
Do med schools look at how tough an applicants classes are in college?	Medical School; Graduate School; Medicine and Healthcare; Harvard Medical School; Colleges and Universities; 	
How much weight should a 70 lb girl be expected to lift in gym class?	Exercise; Strength Training and Weightlifting; Overzealous Teachers; 	My daughter is 4 ft tall and 70 lbs.  It is her second day in gym class and her teacher expects her to lift 50 lbs.  Shouldn't they start out smaller weights and work up
When will Words with Friends be coming out for Android?	Android (OS); Words with Friends; 	they announced before Christmas that it would be coming out very soon, but heard nothing since.
When will Zynga's Scramble with Friends come to Android?	Zynga Games; Zynga; Scramble; Android Applications; 	Scramble with Friends came out a few weeks ago and is already very popular as most of the "with Friends" games are. I believe that Hanging with Friends was out for a short time on iOS before it came to Android. Is Zynga planning on releasing the app on Android? Will this happen quickly or not at all, like Chess with Friends?
Who are the world-class doctors in the fields of pulmonology and infectious diseases, or how can I find them?	Thoracic Medicine; Infectious Diseases; Doctors; Hospitals; 	Asking on behalf of a friend, who is trying to get a good diagnosis for her young daughter.
In India, how would approach to talk to a girl who just got admitted in your college?	Colleges and Universities; Culture of India; Dating and Relationships; Dating Advice; 	You don't take classes together and there's no other thing that links you both. She is studious and sincere and you are totally opposite.( Would appreciate if girls themselves answer this question. )
Where can I find best-in-class product configurator vendors' research reports?	Research; 	I've found one report by AMR Research conducted in 2009 (Of Configurators and Configuration: Lessons learned from Leaders) with approx 16 vendors.  Does anyone know of others or more updated vendor evaluation reports?
What are the best online services for finding a local personal trainer or fitness class?	Personal Trainers; Fitness; 	
What is the best way to find good, cheap local sports classes?	Local Search; 	The ways I can think of are:  1. Use search engine/maps to search for something like 'local yoga class w4' but results are very mixed and how do you know if they are any good?! 2. Ask the neighbours on the off chance they go to any and get their opinions or experiences 3. Online directories but I imagine they get out of date pretty quickly? 4. Go to specific sports forums and ask for advice  Any more anyone can think of?
Do some participants find Stanford's online classes to be superior to a formal course?	Stanford University; Education; 	
Where can I find a good hip hop class in San Francisco?	San Francisco; Dance Classes; 	
Where can I find Stata code for relational class analysis?	Stata; Statistics (mathematical science); Relational Class Analysis; 	
Where can find a photography class for adult beginners in the Dallas Texas Metroplex?	Needs More Information; Photography Training and Education; Photography; 	
What Kellogg MBA classes have students found to be the most useful and why?	Kellogg School of Management; 	
Where I can find the free beginner bass classes video online?	Music Education; Online Education; Bass Guitar; 	I like study bass and I want to learn it. I know almost nothing about bass, I don't have a clear idea that how to learn it, where I should begin my bass practice.     I just want to get some free beginner bass classes video first and develop my interests in playing bass. Thank you guys very much.
Where can I find drop in life drawing classes in London?	Art in London; Drawing; London, UK; 	
Can you find talent based on the questions a student asks in an undergraduate level class?	Scientists; Undergraduate Students; Academia; Psychology of Science; Talented People; 	You can't rule out talent, of course (because some smart students ask stupid questions)
Where can I find beginner/intermediate jazz classes in the Peninsula area?	Dance Classes; Jazz Music; Dancing; 	Looking especially for classes where the instructor teaches lots of dance routines.
Where can I find a good photography class in Buenos Aires?	Argentina; Photography; Photography Training and Education; Buenos Aires; 	I am also looking for a decent camera that is magazine quality or near magazine quality. I don't know ANYTHING about photography.
Why do the homeless and formerly middle-class in America find it so hard to reintegrate into society?	U.S Entitlement Programs; Poverty; U.S. History; U.S. Politics; Social Welfare; 	http://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/the-sharp-sudden-decline-of-americas-middle-class-20120622
In Ruby, what is the easiest way to find out the require statement of a certain class?	Ruby (programming language); 	I understand that this is horribly noobish, but say that I want to use the File class (or any other Ruby Standard Library class), how do I know what require statement to write?
What texts have you found useful for teaching a graduate-level social enterprise class?	Social Entrepreneurship; 	
Where would I find a cheap accent reduction class in NYC/NJ?	Accents; Voice Acting; New York City; New Jersey; Speech Therapy; 	Looking for an inexpensive group accent reduction class.
Where can I find a good cooking class for singles in Dallas, TX?	Cooking Classes; Dallas, TX; 	
What techniques do you use to find and quickly hire Class A Engineers?	Recruiting; Engineering Recruiting; 	We're a startup looking to grow aggressively but maintain our high hiring bar.  What techniques do we use to get there?  We're already using recruiters, networking, having our existing team members reach out to friends, attending industry events.  What else can we do?
###
What is the difference between gross borrowing and net borrowing in a fiscal by indian government?	Economy of India; 	Latest budget announces about borrowings..
What is the difference between gross and net government debt?	Economics; International Monetary Fund; Macroeconomics; 	I'd like a breakdown of how net and gross debt figures differ from each other when the IMF publishes government debt.
What is the difference between gross and net?	Money; Personal Finance; Financial Terms and Definitions; Finance; Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon; Economics; Words; 	
What are some words borrowed from fiction?	Words; Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon; Fiction; 	For daily-life use, science, business, etc.
If you have borrowed a Kindle book, what made you borrow that specific book?	Kindle; Survey Questions; Sharing Kindle Books; Book Lending; 	Did you search out and borrow a book you wanted to read, go with a recommendation or just plumped for any title that was available and looked interesting?
What are some English words borrowed from French?	Words; Scrabble; 	And can I play them in Scrabble?
What's the yearly cost of US borrowing?	U.S. Federal Government; Economics; United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); Department of Treasury (United States); Treasury Bonds and Notes; U.S. Federal Reserve; 	Internal and external. Interest payments + principal.
How does quantitative easing affect public sector net borrowing and debt?	Economics; 	
What is the difference between the gross profit margin and net profit margin of a firm?	Finance; Profitability; Accounting; 	
Can the rate of borrowing for a company be less than that for the government of the country in which the company is situated?	Economics; 	
What did Björk stylistically borrow from Yoko Ono?	Björk; Female Singers & Musicians; Yoko Ono; Singers and Musicians; 	
What was the purpose of the Reaganite borrow-and-spend program?	U.S. Politics; Economics; Ronald Reagan; 	
What are the pros and cons of borrowing vs. taking on an investor?	Investing; Finance; 	This is a follow-up question to What are the risks in accepting a new investor in the company? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-the-risks-in-accepting-a-new-investor-in-the-company ].
What should you do if someone who borrowed books from you doesn't return them to you?	Books; Interpersonal Interaction; 	Even after you reminded them?
What content can I borrow from other websites and post on my website?	Copyright Law; 	Say I want to create an online directory of shoe stores. My competitor's terms of service say no content copying. I realize factual, publicly available info is fine for me to use (such as store name, address, etc).  How about a picture from his site?  Can I post the first couple of lines of his editorial or a user comment as long as I credit them and provide a link? What else?
What are the real costs of borrowing against your IRA in the United States?	Investment Strategies; Debt; Individual Retirement Account (IRA); 	The question of borrowing against your IRA is fraught with how bad an idea it is, that there is a 10% penalty, taxable distribution after 60 days, and possible state income taxes.  But that's not very practical insight.    Considering the value created through the investments had, how would such penalties compare relative to a traditional investment with capital gains?  Or the average credit card debt?  For someone not familiar with thinking though such numbers, the opportunity to borrow against an IRA sounds like taxable distribution, which is what you would pay anyway on investments, and a cost of 10% (which is less than most credit card rates).  Help simplify this.  Is it better to borrow against a ROTH?
Under what circumstances should one borrow money (go into debt)?	Borrowing; Money Management; Debt; Personal Finance; Leverage & Borrowing; 	When is debt [ http://www.quora.com/Debt ] good, or at least prudent?
What is Fiscal Deficit ? What is the difference between Fiscal Deficit and Fiscal Cliff?	Economics; 	
Is Something Borrowed  worth seeing?	Movie Business; Movie Reviews; Movies; Movie Recommendations; Something Borrowed (2011 movie); Romance (love); 	A comical romance adapted from Emily Giffin's novel  Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qlMqqc7YdE
Should I borrow against my 401k for a downpayment on a house?	Investing; Real Estate; Mortgages; Home Ownership; 401(k); 	I live in an area where the least you'll pay for a 2 bedroom house is 450-600k and the downpayment on that is sizable. I have to put down 20%. I have half the money needed in a 401k should I borrow from it to pay the downpayment?
How does "borrowing" work on Kindle?	Kindle; 	Just saw this Tweet.  I didn't know a borrowing feature exists.  http://twitter.com/#!/johnolilly/status/20529137118609408
What websites have copied/borrowed Quora features, and what features did they copy?	Quora (product); 	A lot of users in forums repeat questions and answers. There are probably a lot of things that forums and other websites could learn from Quora.
What is the easiest way to borrow money for the purpose of consumer spending?	Credit Cards; Personal Finance; 	Imagine you are a young professional with a high expected lifetime income but a low current income, and you are not currently in school. Is there a means better than credit cards of borrowing in order to smooth your consumption over your lifetime (i.e. have steady consumption your whole life as opposed to consuming relatively little as a young professional and a lot when you're older)?
What are some sites that help people, swap, lend or borrow physical items?	Collaborative Consumption; Gift Economy; Website Recommendations; Gift Giving; Sharing; 	
What scenarios can make borrowing money a good idea?	Spending Money; Credit Cards; Debt; Money; Business Strategy; Finance; Economics; Startups; Personal Finance; Startup Advice and Strategy; Money Management; 	A scenario could also be a hypothetical projection into the future, for example:  You do [something] with the money and in a year have [this] result.
What are the best apps or sites for borrowing/lending household items (tools, etc)?	Rentals; Swapping and Trading; Social Lending; Collaborative Consumption; Online Marketplaces; Marketplace Startups and Companies; 	I know there are a few sites/services out there (Neighborgoods, etc) but have never heard much about them.  Are they doing well?  What are they lacking?  Is there enough demand for this type of activity?
What are some great songs (and tracks) that borrow their melodies and chord progressions from other sources?	Music; 	
What is the politest course of action after incorrectly washing a borrowed shirt?	Manners and Etiquette; Laundry; Clothing; Awkward Situations; Fabrics and Textiles; 	A girl let me borrow her shirt for a formal event we were both going to that day. I later threw it in with my laundry, no big deal. But I now notice that it said hand wash and line dry only! The fabric texture is a little rougher and it appears to be balling up and collecting dust a little easier. (It's 48% polyester, 48% rayon, and 2% spandex, if that means anything to anyone)  If it were my shirt, I wouldn't trip, I'd just keep wearing it, but since it doesn't belong to me, I'd like to use tact. It does appear to have lost quality. Should I apologize? Get her a new shirt? Not mention it and hope she doesn't notice?
What are some examples of one composer borrowing from another and improving upon the idea?	Composing; Classical Music; Music; 	I went to a talk recently where the lecturer played us some bach and then the vivaldi or telemann he took the the theme from. It was really interesting.
What are some networks or websites in which I can trade or borrow things in Japan?	Japan; 	
What's the best way to deal with my parents asking to borrow money from me?	Loans; Money; Family and Families; Personal Finance; 	My parents are having some hard times financially and have asked me for some help to make ends meet until they can downsize (they own their house and will probably sell it in the next 5 years, when they'd pay me back).  I have already lent them some money over the past few years, and to be honest, I don't expect to see it.  I've come to terms with that, I think.  This brings up a lot of weird feelings for me.  On one hand, these are my parents!  They did so much for me.  Even looking at it from a purely financial perspective, they've given me much more than what they're asking for.    On the other hand, I know what a bad idea it is to let money come in between personal relationships, whether we're talking about family or friends.  I'm afraid that if I'm not paid back, I'll harbor these feelings of resentment.  I already do, to a small extent.  And also I *will* need this money at some point, and it is not an insignificant amount.  It would be the down payment on a very nice place, or could sustain me living (my current lifestyle) for several years.  It also just bothers me to think about the whole situation.  It sounds horrible to say but it just shows a weakness in my family that I'm not comfortable with.    How should I be looking at this?  I'm not rich by any means, but I do have money saved that I definitely won't need for awhile.  The total amount between what I've given them already and what they're asking for will end up being about 25% of my net worth.  Do people think "of course, they're your parents - just give it to them"?  Would it be reasonable to suggest getting a loan instead?  The downside would be that it would be more expensive for them, even if they do pay me back (with interest, as they're proposing), because of all the origination costs.  The upside of course, is that it keeps me out of it.  I don't doubt that they really do intend to pay me back, and when they sell the house, they'll have the means to do it.  So it's better for them to owe that money to a bank than to me, right?  Thanks for any advice you can give, or any other things I should be thinking about.
What are the most common words borrowed from English which native Spanish speakers use?	Mexico; Loanwords; Slang; Spanish (language); Etymology; English (language); 	Today I heard leakando for leaking.  Made into a Spanish verb. Chatear for chat.  Un raite... un ride?  
What are the most borrowed art historical classics (paintings) used in album covers?	Art History; Album Covers; 	I´m looking for a comprehensive listing or a book about famous paintings used in pop or rock album covers. For example Coldplays Viva La Vida.
What cover versions of songs borrowed cross-culturally could be considered better than their original?	Music; Cover Songs; 	This is a follow-up question to What cover versions of songs could be considered better than their original? [ http://www.quora.com/What-cover-versions-of-songs-could-be-considered-better-than-their-original ].
What are some great Science Fiction eBooks you can borrow on Open Library?	Book Recommendations; Science Fiction (genre); Reading; Open Library; Libraries and Librarianship; Reading Recommendations; 	http://openlibrary.org/borrow without using OverDrive
What options are available for borrowing money to buy stock options in a private company?	Finance; 	I'm aware that 137 Ventures has setup a fund to help employees exercise their stock options. I was wondering if there are any other options for financing the exercise of a private companies stock options.
What is the risk of so much of US borrowing coming from foreign countries like China?	International Economics; Macroeconomics; U.S. Politics; U.S. Dollar; Fiscal Policy; U.S. Public Debt; Public Policy; Foreign Exchange Market; International Trade; International Politics; 	
What are the most common words borrowed from Spanish which native English speakers use?	English (language); Slang Origins; Mexico; Ethnic Terms and Slang; Slang; Loanwords; Spanish (language); 	Food words certainly... but what others?  Adios.... Hasta la vista, baby.... Sure.    but what Spanish words to you find entering your daily life?
What should I do if someone lets me borrow their book and I return it to them in severely worn form?	Books; Manners and Etiquette; 	
What is the correct way to pluralize in English a borrowed word which ends in an "s"?	Loanwords; English (language); Grammar; Plurals; 	This question came from seeing "faux pas" in a plural context.
What is the cheapest way to borrow a car+GPS around Silicon Valley?	Travel; 	I have looked into priceline.com and that brings me to approx 48 USD/Day + GPS 12 USD/Day. Does anyone know of a cheaper option than this?
What components or programming styles did symfony2 borrow from Ruby on Rails?	Ruby on Rails; Product Design (software); PHP Frameworks; PHP Developers; Web Application Frameworks; Symfony2; Learning to Program; HipHop for PHP; Software Engineering; Ruby (programming language); PHP; Design Patterns; Symfony; Programming Languages; Zend Framework; Algorithms; 	I am working on symfony2 and have found certain conventions and concepts new to PHP and curious about their roots to Ruby on Rails. I have no prior experience of working with ROR. It would be great to understand the conventions, styles, concepts , components that Symfony2 has borrowed/ in common with ROR.
Why are Stafford Loans described as "subsidized" at 3.4% when the federal government borrows the money at less than 1%?	Student Loans and Debt; 	
When the United States government is said to be "borrowing money at a high rate," which rate is being referred to?	U.S. Public Debt; Department of Treasury (United States); Finance; U.S. Economy; U.S. Federal Government; 	Are these the interest rates on the Treasury bond issues? The average of many t-bonds? Another form of debt altogether?
The US government currently owes about $14.2 Trillion.  Who did we borrow that money from, and how did those financiers get that money?	Economics; U.S. Public Debt; 	Has that money always been on earth?  If not, then where did it come from?  Did somebody issue it into existence?  If so, then by what authority did they do so, and for what reason do nations lack that authority?
If a government borrows money at negative real interest rates, is this a "free lunch", which economists say does not exist?	Government Bonds; Borrowing; Interest Rates; 	
What is the difference between fiscal and monetary policy?	Phrase Definitions; Economic Terms; Financial Terms and Definitions; Comparisons; Economics; Monetary Policy; Fiscal Policy; Macroeconomics; 	How does fiscal and monetary policy affect national and global markets and what are the changes that take place on a macro and microeconomic level?
What is subtracted from net sales to compute gross profit?	Accounting; 	
When countries borrow money, who are they borrowing from since most if not all are in debt?	Finance; Government; Economics; 	
Why do banks lend or borrow money from each other instead of borrowing it from the central bank?	Bank of America; Debt; Finance; Banking; Microeconomics; Economics; Monetary System; Central Banks; Banks; Banking (excl. Investment Banking); Borrowing; Lending; 	
Is the tritone available for usage on a borrowed non-functioning dominant or borrowed functioning dominant?	Music Theory; 	
Is it illegal to borrow design element from a college?	Colleges and Universities; Trademark Law; Trademarks; 	If you make a shirt that says "Southern Methodist" and has a horse on it, can SMU the school sue you?
Can I borrow your car for a minute? It won't be long.	Cars and Automobiles; Favors; Joke Question; 	
Do writers often borrow from life experiences?	Writing; 	I  realize this is probably a silly question, but how frequently and to what extreme would you  suppose acclaimed novelists (or even screenwriters) take people, places  or events from their own lives and place them into their creations? Can  you cite known examples? — I've grown to imagine many stories or characters come from  life experience, yet when I write, I feel an unusual need to mask or embellish what  could too obviously be perceived [by the audience] as something I may have experienced or someone I may know.
Is "jungling" in LoL borrowed from hobo terminology?	Loanwords; Hobos; Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon; League of Legends; 	 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hobo#Hobo_.28ethical.29_code  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hobo#Expressions_used_through_1940s 
How feasible is it to borrow a pass to SXSW?	Austin, TX; Startups; SXSW 2012; SXSWi; SXSW; SXSW 2011; 	I've heard that there are lots of checks, but it seems like you should be able to borrow (or rent) a pass for a session or afternoon or something.  Has anyone successfully done it?  Conversely: Has anyone actually been penalized for trying or getting caught?
Whom does the United States keep borrowing from?	U.S. Public Debt; Current Events; Economics; Treasury Bonds and Notes; International Economics; 	Can someone please give me a freshman-econ-class level introduction to macro-scale debt? If the United States Government can't pay back their loans, which debtors are going to be pissed off?
What is the best way for a government to deal with fiscal surplus?	Economics; 	How do the Middle East countries especially deal with this.
How does the UK governments proposal to get investment from pension schemes differ for all practical purposes to borrowing? Surely both will lead to repayment with interest.	Pensions; UK Politics; 	UK Politics
What's the difference between .net and php	Product Comparisons; 	
What are good (presumably children's level) French TV shows or movies to buy/download/borrow to practice understanding French?	Language; Learning New Things; French (language); 	This is a follow-up question to What is a good way to teach yourself French? [ http://www.quora.com/What-is-a-good-way-to-teach-yourself-French ].
When buying a house (as your primary residence), what is the optimal approach to borrowing, in terms of your financial strategy?	Real Estate Investing; Financial Advice; Housing Prices; Personal Finance; Investing; Mortgages; Leverage & Borrowing; Investment Advice; 	Where the possible options range between buying the cheapest place practical and paying it off as quickly as possible (and then upgrading to a nicer house), through to borrowing as much as the bank will lend you and paying it off over 25-30 years? Unfortunately, not obtaining a mortgage isn't a viable option.  For the sake of argument, we're assuming no major fluctuations in the property market, and steady (though not 2000-2008 levels) capital growth. We can also assume household income will increase steadily.
What are some examples of radical transformations in pronunciation when a word is borrowed from one language to another?	Loanwords; Pronunciation; Linguistics; 	In any language, is there a more messed up transliteration than "Mele Kalikimaka"?  To an English speaker, this Hawaiian expression is essentially unrecognizable as coming from the English "Merry Christmas". What other common transliteration (any language) is even less like the original?
What is the best way to rent/borrow a car in Kona, HI if all car rental companies don't have a car available to rent?	Hawaii (state); Kona, HI; Kailua Kona, HI; Car Rental Hacks; Rental Cars; Travel and Tourism in Hawaii; Hawaii (island); 	Emily Glick [ http://www.quora.com/Emily-Glick ] is visiting Kona Wednesday, November 9 through Friday, November, 11 and there are no cars available to rent through the major rental companies. What are her best options?
If I borrow 1 kg of gold from someone, what determines the legal tender exchange rate at which I can settle the debt?	Money; Gold; Legal Tender; 	If I borrow 1 kg of gold from, say, a business, and promise to pay it back in a year, when that year passes - and I find out that I'm unable to pay back the debt in gold - what determines the gold-to-legal tender exchange rate at which the creditor is legally obligated to accept my payment (in legal tender) to settle the debt?  Precisely which reference exchange rate is the business required to accept, when a gold-denominated debt is settled in US Dollars?
What's the average breakdown of a real estate agent's commission from gross to net?	Real Estate Agents; Real Estate; Real Estate Marketing; 	For example, if the agent receives 3% of the gross transaction value, how much goes to their broker, how much would typically be spent on leads, marketing, advertising, finder/referral fees, etc.?
"No hosts to borrow from" error thrown by Cassandra Astyanax library?	Cassandra (database); 	Today I was trying Astyanax java client for Cassandra. I have a 3 node cluster running Cassandra database and everything was up and running without issues. I could play around with it using pycassa library and also the command line client. But for some reasons, with Astyanax library I am constantly getting the error "No hosts to borrow from". I am wondering what might be happening.    Below is the stack trace :  com.netflix.astyanax.connectionpool.exceptions.NoAvailableHostsException: NoAvailableHostsException: [host=None(0.0.0.0):0, latency=0(0), attempts=0]No hosts to borrow from 	at com.netflix.astyanax.connectionpool.impl.RoundRobinExecuteWithFailover.<init>(RoundRobinExecuteWithFailover.java:30) 	at com.netflix.astyanax.connectionpool.impl.TokenAwareConnectionPoolImpl.newExecuteWithFailover(TokenAwareConnectionPoolImpl.java:80) 	at com.netflix.astyanax.connectionpool.impl.AbstractHostPartitionConnectionPool.executeWithFailover(AbstractHostPartitionConnectionPool.java:253) 	at com.netflix.astyanax.thrift.ThriftKeyspaceImpl.createKeyspace(ThriftKeyspaceImpl.java:615) 	at com.actiance.astyanax.poc.DbOperations.createKeySpace(DbOperations.java:135) 	at com.actiance.astyanax.poc.DbOperations.<init>(DbOperations.java:106) 	at com.actiance.astyanax.poc.AstyanaxPoc.main(AstyanaxPoc.java:16) Keyspace newtable exists
How much English is borrowed/derived from French?	Linguistics; English (language); French (language); 	It might be a Question with Assumptions, but I've been wondering at how much of English is actually derived from French words, such as coup, rendez-vous, table, etc. ?
How close is the USA to the limit of its ability to borrow?	Macroeconomics; U.S. Public Debt; Government Debt; U.S. Federal Government; Economic Policy; U.S. Economy; Sovereign Debt; Treasury Bonds and Notes; 	
How does one go about borrowing money directed from the Fed?	U.S. Federal Reserve; Borrowing; Loans; 	What is necessary for a company or organization to be able to borrow money directly from the FED at those near 0% rates that the banks are borrowing at?
Why don't people return books after borrowing them from friends?	Books; Manners and Etiquette; Friendship; 	I have never once -- never once -- gotten a book back after lending it to a friend. No, I don't have especially awful friends. There's just something in particular about books, as opposed to other objects, which makes borrowers feel that it's okay not to return them. I have friends who would never think of borrowing a blouse without returning it -- these same friends will never return a borrowed book.   And oddly, you feel rather petty for asking a friend to return a book. Perhaps because you've got another thousand waiting for you on your shelves -- I don't know why I hesitate to ask friends to return books. Seven months ago, someone borrowed an expensive, large book from us. I don't think he's forgotten he has it -- in fact, I have no doubt it is prominently displayed on his coffee table.   Here's a nice Charles Lamb quote which sums up how I feel: "Borrowers of books, those mutilators of collections, spoilers of the symmetry of shelves, and creators of odd volumes.
Does borrowing really "stimulate growth" for the long term?	Financial Institutions and Services; Finance; 	A friend and I were having a debate about the credit divide and why there is the need for credit for the middle class. (see this article: http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702303505504577403970826823032.html?mod=googlenews_wsj)  Some thought provoking questions came up.   Why is it important that poor and middle class people indebt themselves, reduce their ability to absorb volatility in their lives and owe people money?    Why is that ("access to credit") something that is desired?    What long-term good comes from indebting oneself more?  Would love everyones thoughts!
Is there a website to borrow or rent large-ticket items?	Collaborative Consumption; Location-Based Services (LBS); 	I'd like to borrow or rent a pressure washer, a woodburning iron, a power drill, and a few other things... don't need them for more than a few hours each. Is there some kind of mobile social location-based startup that helps me with this?
Is there a centralized record of all my SFPL borrowing activity that I can access?	San Francisco Public Library; 	
Have you ever borrowed money from family or friends to buy a car?	Survey Questions; Loans; 	And if so, was it a good move? Do you still speak to them?
Do you think we will be able to borrow ebooks some day?	eBooks; Survey Questions; 	I have plenty of books in my kindle app, but I'm realizing that there are some books I should buy in paper just so I can let a friend borrow it! Would there be any incentive for amazon to enable lending?
I'm considering whether to borrow or open up for investment for my startup. Thoughts?	Entrepreneurship; Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Investing; Angel Investing; Lean Startups; Startups; Business Loans; 	I'd rather not give the company way so early. I have patents-pending, trademarks registered, and a SOLID business plan, so I don't feel like I need to beg for money. My break even point is $225k according to a conservative analysis, so $250k seems like a reasonable ask. That said, I'm personally allergic to debt and don't use credit cards... so I don't know how I feel about debt financing.
How i would be benefited by borrowing from p2p lending sites?	Personal Finance; 	
Can non profits borrow and lend money?	Nonprofit Organizations; Lending; Social Lending; 	ie 501c3 organization borrow money from lenders and/or loan money to others 
Who was the first American President to borrow money from China?	Finance; China; Government Debt; Treasury Bonds and Notes; U.S. Public Debt; Sovereign Bonds; U.S. Presidents; 	
While usury is prohibited by Islam and Christianity, is borrowing considered sinful?	Theology; Religion; 	thank  you for your answers, very interesting.  What i am trying to understand  specifically is whether theology, particularly Islamic and christian,  have influenced contemporary ethical discourses around money,  particularly financial prudence and a sense of moral unease around  borrowing.  Mohammed, i find your statement that lending can be seen as a  form of charity in a Muslim ethical framework really interesting.  i  wonder how the borrower in this equation is viewed: is any judgment made  about his morality or status, and if so is this in anyway related to  Islamic theology? i guess i should  rephrase my question without reference to usary or implicit reference to  profit through interest: is there anything in Muslim or christian  theology which has influenced current discourse around borrowing money  in christian and muslim communities, and in modern secular states with  muslim or christian traditions?
Using margin accounts - how much to borrow?	Investing; 	When I buy stocks in my brokerage account, I get the choice between cash and margin account. If I choose margin, how do I choose how much to borrow? Or does it work so that it uses cash as long as it can, and only once I use more money than I have do I borrow?  I.e.: Cash in my account: $1000 I buy shares XYZ for $1000  Did I just borrow $500, or $0, or something else?
Am I right in asking my ex to return money he borrowed from me?	Dating and Relationships; 	My ex and I would split expenses between us, but during the period of time before we broke up, he ended up owing me a decent-sized sum due to me making purchases such as for a vacation with him, for which he said he would pay me back. Is it wrong to ask for this money now, after we've broken up, though it feels awkward?
How can I rent or borrow a juggling robot for a day?	Juggling; Robotics; 	I need one in Los Angeles for it to be part of artistic video a month of so from now.
Am I right in asking my ex to return money she borrowed from me?	Dating and Relationships; 	My ex and I would split expenses between us, but during the period of time before we broke up, she ended up owing me a decent-sized sum due to me making purchases such as for a vacation with her saying she would pay me back. Is it wrong to ask for this money even if it's after breaking up?   Related question:
What is the difference between gross food and food that has an acquired taste?	Taste (sense); Taste; Acquired Tastes; Food; Opinions; 	
Why can an individual borrow many multiples of his/her yearly salary but a (healthy) country generally borrows less than it's yearly income?	Economics; 	It seems to me that lending to a person is a lot more risky than to a whole country (say Germany, US, ...) so why are people so worried when governments take on more than their yearly income as debt.
I borrowed some money on a "personal loan" to start my startup. If successful, what can I do to make sure these people don't claim equity/ridiculous amounts of money down the road?	Startup Attorneys, Law and Legal Issues; Startup Finance; Bootstrapping (companies); Friends and Family Financing; Startups; Legal Issues; 	
What is the name or author of the Sci-Fi novel where the "king" borrows supernatural powers (like eagle vision eyesight etc...) as a way to defend the kingdom?	Science Fiction (genre); Fantasy (genre); 	
What is the name of the Sci-Fi novel where the "king" borrows supernatural powers (like eagle vision eyesight etc...) as a way to defend the kingdom?	SciFi Fantasy; Fantasy (genre); Books; Science Fiction (genre); Fantasy Authors; Science Fiction Authors; 	
What are typical ratios for Gross External Area vs Gross Internal Area vs Net Internal Area for a  2 bed flat in the UK?	UK Real Estate; Real Estate; 	Definitions: http://www.murphysurveys.co.uk/companyservices/gross-external-area http://www.murphysurveys.co.uk/companyservices/gross-internal-area http://www.murphysurveys.co.uk/companyservices/net-internal-area
Do you know of any angel investors that borrow money to invest in start-ups?	Startups; Angel Investing; 	
If banks can effectively borrow at 0%, do they have any incentives to complete loan modifications?	1997-2006 United States Housing Bubble; Late-2000s Recession; Banking (excl. Investment Banking); Loan Modification; 	
How is downloading a book online morally different than borrowing it from the library?	Libraries and Librarianship; Downloadable Content; Books; The Internet; Morals and Morality; 	I'm not asking for an answer based on the legality of the issue.
If a corporation borrows a sum of money from another corporation is that money taxed as income?	Income Tax; Taxes; Accounting; 	
Do banks borrow from each other on the interbank market to effectively eliminate reserve requirements? 	Financial Institutions and Services; 	
Which Ian Fleming stories does Skyfall borrow sections or parts from?	Skyfall (2012 movie); Ian Fleming; James Bond 007 (creative franchise); 	Or is the screenplay entirely original, without a plot connection to any of the novels/short stories.
Can a 501(c)(3) legally borrow money from individuals at 0% interest?	Nonprofit Organizations; Tax Law; Non-profit Accounting; 	I'm trying to help a 501(c)(3) elementary school update their classroom computers (10+ year old tech).  To use their preferred hardware vendor will cost 50% more than me sourcing the hardware from other vendors.  The issue is their vendor will extend them credit, while the less expensive vendors will not. Would it be legal to set up a program like Kiva for the school, where many parents could each make a small loan to the school at 0% interest to fund the purchase of the hardware and then be paid back over time?
Anyone think the Chill.com re-design is taking "idea borrowing" a bit too far?	Survey Questions; What Do People Think of X?; Copycat Products; Web Design; Chill (company); 	The new site is great, but really it seems like a shameless blend of Pinterest [ http://www.quora.com/Pinterest ], Path [ http://www.quora.com/Path ] and YouTube [ http://www.quora.com/YouTube ].  edit: I forgot to also add Airbnb [ http://www.quora.com/Airbnb ] with the little logo animation that shakes when you hover...
Did the Apple Bandai Pippin logo purposely borrow design elements from the NeXT logo?	Logos; Logo Design; Graphic Design; Apple Inc.; History of Apple Inc.; 	Apple Bandai Pippin (1995)  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Bandai_Pippin NeXT logo by Paul Rand [ http://www.quora.com/NeXT-Inc-computer-company/Why-was-NeXTs-e-in-lowercase ] (1986)  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NeXT 
How can we incoporate the concept of lending and borrowing digital content?	Cloud Services; Digital Content; 	An important part of spreading cultural concepts is done through sharing - lending out books and albums - borrowing dvds from friends etc. How can this be incorporated into the digital business model for entertainment and culture?
How much longer can the US keep borrowing money before declaring bankruptcy?	Economics; U.S. Politics; Politics; 	The budget proposed today contains the US running at a deficit of $1.6 trillion for FY2011 and projects deficits of $8 trillion over the next 10 years.  Is it sustainable? 
How do you politely tell someone untrustworthy "no" when they want to borrow something?	Manners and Etiquette; 	
Should I pay interest on student loans while in school or borrow less next year?	Student Loans and Debt; 	I'm currently a freshman at a fairly expensive school that I had to take out a private student loan to pay for.  I do have a modest income and a little bit of money in the bank though.  Does it make more sense to pay down the interest that has accrued on my first loan before it capitalizes or should I allow that interest to accrue and then borrow less money next year?
Can you borrow money in the US to invest in real estate in India?	Real Estate; Real Estate Investing; 	The real estate market in India is pretty strong but interest rates are high. In the US interest rates are minimal. So borrowing from the US to invest in India should be profitable. Is this legal? How can I do this?
Where can I find data on cost to borrow shares for short selling?	Investing; Stock Market; 	
Which e-readers allow you to borrow books from the public library?	eBook Readers; eBooks; Kindle; Libraries and Librarianship; 	
If you are a licensed driver and are borrowing a car with the owner's permission, are you afforded coverage under the owner's policy?	Auto Insurance; Liability; Insurance; Cars and Automobiles; 	I no longer own a car and so no longer have auto insurance.  If I borrow a friend's car, am I completely exposed to liability, or does my friend's insurance typically cover me?
How often do grad students "borrow" supplies from fellow graduate students?	Graduate School; Scientific Research; 	Inspired by this post I'll Just Take a Tour of Your Lab Drawers Here [ http://pipeline.corante.com/archives/2013/03/07/ill_just_take_a_tour_of_your_lab_drawers_here.php ]  People steal reagents all the time. But how often does this happen?
When is it not okay to borrow a design element or feature of another product and implement it into your own product?	Product Design (physical goods); Product Design (software); 	
Would a website be classified as a 'Money Transmitter' if it allowed members to lend or borrow money?	Online and Mobile Payments; Risk Management; Startup Advice and Strategy; Payments; Payment Processing; E-Commerce; E-Commerce Websites; Startups; E-Commerce Startups and Companies; PayPal; Startup Business Models; Social E-Commerce; Social Commerce; 	On my website - A marketplace, a user could request their friend(s) to get the word out about an item they have for sale. If a friend or a group have helped in connecting with a buyer a percentage of the amount is given to them.  Buyer pays via paypal.  The Individual who received the reward could use those in 3 ways.  1) When making a purchase themselves on the site the funds are applied to the purchase.  2) They can donate them.  3) Funds can be made available to their friend(s) who are prompted to borrow if desired during checkout and are able to payback later.  Probably the timing is wrong. Should have asked this before development. Since the site is ready and about to go live should I be concerned about the money sharing option?
Is there a centralized record of all my library borrowing activity across all US libraries?	Libraries and Librarianship; 	If so, who has access?
Why does contemporary Hindi entertainment (TV/Bollywood) borrow so heavily from the past?	Hindi TV Serials; Movies; Plagiarism; Questions That Contain Assumptions; India; Bollywood; 	I admit there's an inherent assumption, but doesn't it seem justified. Look at the TV series and the many movie remakes that litter the Entertainment industry, on both the small and silver screens.  Why do they borrow from the past? Is it a lack of creativity, or some other obscure, subtle reason?
What is the general equation to figure out Gross Income from Net Income, incorporating all of the tax levels? 	Income; Income Tax; Taxes; 	I want to figure out what my gross income roughly needs to be based on a minimum net income. I could come up with a decent guess, but it would be nice to have a generalized equation if possible.
What's the difference between Rankings and Gross Rankings for App Store in App Annie?	App Annie; 	
What is the difference between net force and drag force?	Physics; 	
How is 'net exposure' defined in contrast to 'gross exposure'?	Hedge Funds; 	I know that Gross Exposure is : A + L / Collateral. Meaning if I am $10MM long, $10MM short, and have $10MM in collateral my gross exposure is 200% (i.e. 10+10 / 10 = 2). What is my net exposure?
Why is Groupon booking gross revenue rather than net?	Groupon; Accounting; Groupon IPO and S-1 Filing (June 2011); 	If you read the tests in FASB 99-19A, it seems pretty clear that they should be booking net.
What's the difference between 'austerity' and 'small government'?	Europe; European Parliament; United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); Economics; U.S. Federal Government; U.S. Politics; Government; Economic Terms; Politics; 	A followup from Politics: Why isn’t the term “austerity” used in the U.S.? [ http://www.quora.com/Politics/Why-isn’t-the-term-“austerity”-used-in-the-U-S ]
What happen If  a home owner which has the money  to payback a loan he took from  a bank (mortgage ), but he refuses to payback to the bank, but he is willing to pay only from who the bank borrow the money from?   Banks borrow money at lower rates and lend at higher rates. The bank in theory don't own the money. I heard of a scheme that some home owners use to don't pay back the loan. This os all done in legal terms and definitions in court, apparently .	Banking; 	
What is an estimate for revenues (gross or net) and the number of transactions per day on popular e-commerce sites in India (Flipkart , Naaptol , etc.)?	Startups in India; Flipkart; Naaptol; Web 2.0; E-Commerce; 	Add Question
What are the arguments for and against fiscal austerity?	Economics; Austerity; 	
What exactly is the fiscal cliff?	U.S. Politics; Economics; United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; Fiscal Policy; U.S. Economy; The United States of America; 	Sounds treacherous, but I don't really understand it. Can someone explain this to me in plain language? Thank you in advance!
What should Republicans do about the fiscal cliff?	Republican Party (U.S.); Fiscal Policy; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; U.S. Politics; 	
What is a fiscal deficit?	Macroeconomics; Fiscal Policy; 	
What is Fiscal Sponsorship for nonprofits?	Nonprofit Organizations; 	Is this a good way to start or operate a 501(c)3 project or organization?
What are things I should do before the fiscal cliff?	Finance; U.S. Politics; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; Money; Personal Finance; 	For example, put money in my Roth IRA to shield it from taxes that are about to be raised.
What are some fiscal cliff predictions?	Obsolete Question; U.S. Economy; U.S. Politics; Fiscal Policy; Bush Tax Cuts; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; 	See: 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff: What exactly is the fiscal cliff? [ http://www.quora.com/2013-U-S-Fiscal-Cliff/What-exactly-is-the-fiscal-cliff ]
What is Fiscal Deficit?	Economics; 	
What does the fiscal cliff mean for me?	Fiscal Policy; Bush Tax Cuts; Politics; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; 	
What's the fiscal cliff about?	Government; 	What's the fiscal cliff about? What are the postures of each side?
What is the difference between American Indians and Indian Americans?	Words; Native Americans; India; Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon; 	And are both the preferred, ideal, least-offensive terms to describe those populations?
What is the main difference between a North Indian and a South Indian?	Racism; 	Not at the superficial level...
What is the biggest difference between North Indians and South Indians?	India; 	I have been told that North Indians are fairer and more attractive, whereas South Indians are more cerebral. Do North and South Indians get along? I asked a fellow IT professionals (Indian guy) that one of his colleagues maintains poor hygiene. He said that it was because he was South Indian. I find it hard to believe that there can be hygiene differences between the two. Any grain of truth in it?
What is the difference between indian coast guard and indian navy?	Indian Navy; 	
What are some Indian government decisions and policies that have benefited you?	India; Survey Questions; 	As direct as SC / ST reservation OR a govt scholarship TO things like cheap calling (10 yrs back it wasnt so), Delhi Metro, highways, cheap airfare (Air Deccan days), public parks
What is it like to work as a Software Engineer in the Indian Government?	What Is It Like to Work at X?; 	Are the pay and perks significantly lower compared to other (big and international) private tech firms?
If you could say anything to the Indian government, what would you say?	India; Survey Questions; Politics; 	
What are some technical jobs available in Indian Government?	Government of India; Indian Government Jobs; India; 	
What could the Indian Government do to win back the Kashmiris?	India; Kashmir; Politics in India; 	The most obvious is getting rid of Armed Forces Special Powers Act, what apart from that? Or is the situation is just about out-of-repair?  For a bit of background, please see: Indian People: What should every Indian know about Kashmir and Kashmiris? [ http://www.quora.com/Indian-People/What-should-every-Indian-know-about-Kashmir-and-Kashmiris ]
What are the top 5 things the Indian government should be doing or is obligated to do but isn't doing?	Government of India; India; 	
If I am really refinancing loans already made by Field Partners, upon whose borrowing is my repayment based?	Kiva; 	
How can a seed-funded enterprise software startup borrow enterprise firewall appliances for testing?	Hustling; Startup Advice and Strategy; Enterprise Software; Computer Security; 	I would like to borrow a Cisco ASA, Check Point VPN-1, and Juniper NetScreen for testing purposes for a few weeks.
How can I feel ok about borrowing money from my parents to build a startup in my late twenties?	Startup Advice and Strategy; Bootstrapping (companies); Startups; Seed Funding; Pre-Startup Advice; Lean Startups; 	It's a grand gesture, but also very emasculating. How can I get over this?
I got into a rough spot financially and had to borrow money from someone I don't know too well. Haven't been able to pay it back. Can I be sued?	Attorneys; Litigation and Lawsuits; 	I never signed any agreement whatsoever. I have emails saying I would try to pay back by this date, but that's it. I'm not trying to be a dick I just don't have the money yet. This guy has threatened to sue me 5 separate times and now is bringing my company into the equation, and the company has yet to generate significant revenues. The company did not have anything to do with borrowing money from the guy. What should I do? Does he have any grounds to sue my company or me personally?
Which proven ideas, for example on issues of education, transportation, community development, etc., could be borrowed from elsewhere and implemented in Baltimore?	U.S. City Mayors; Cities and Metro Areas; Baltimore; U.S. Politics; 	Previous mayors have been reluctant to adopt best practices from other cities around the United States and the world.
Does the "Guru Pitka Chant" from "The Love Guru" borrow from Shlomo Carlebach's melody for "Ki Va Moed"?	Judaism; 	And, if so, why and what does that imply about each?  Compare and contrast: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2N-aCRQ_Dek and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlaKXh-8CSs
Of the Balanced (federal) Budget Amendments to the Constitution proposed to date, do they permit the Congress to continue to borrow money?	U.S. Politics; U.S. Federal Budget; U.S. Public Debt; U.S. Congress; Fiscal Policy; 	That is, do they merely prohibit annual federal budget deficits, or do they also outlaw federal government borrowing altogether?
If the interest rates for loans are higher at Prosper than Lending Club, why should borrowers borrow from Prosper?	Prosper (P2P lending); P2P Lending; P2P Lending Startups; LendingClub; Social Lending; 	Rates at Prosper start at 6.59% and Rates at Lending Club start at 6.78%
If I borrow $10,000 for one day at an annual rate of interest of 4.5%, how much interest do I pay for that one day?	Mathematics; 	Please show me the calculation and how to do it for $10,000 and $15,000. Thank you very much.
Did the increased wealth in the U.S. economy (until the collapse) result from all the borrowing people did against their homes, or, from the Bush tax cuts?	Wealth; George W. Bush; Bush Tax Cuts; U.S. Taxes; Macroeconomics; Home Equity Line of Credit; Economics; Leverage & Borrowing; Economic Policy; U.S. Economy; Credit; 	
Why does the stock of high-powered financial companies when the Treasury finances its deficit by borrowing from the Fed?	Department of Treasury (United States); U.S. Federal Government; Stock Market; Needs to Be Clearer; Economics; 	
Is it morally wrong to borrow dollars that have a certain purchasing power and repay them with dollars that have less purchasing power?	Morals and Morality; Purchasing; Economics; Borrowing; Ethics; 	
Is it true that banks can borrow from the govt (The Fed) at 0.25% and then lend that money back to the govt (treasury notes) at 3+%? If so, why is this allowed?	Investment Banking; Finance; U.S. Federal Reserve; 	If I'm not mistaken, this seems like a mechanism for funneling public taxpayer dollars (interest paid on treasury notes) into private hands (the private banks who borrowed [and then highly leverage the cheap capital])?
Was Bas Jan Ader's title In Search of the Miraculous borrowed from P. D. Ouspensky's book with the same title?	George Gurdjieff; Bas Jan Ader (artist); Contemporary Art; Conceptual Art; Fine Art; P. D. Ouspensky (philosopher); 	
The new Yahoo mail :  Do you think the revamped version is a mix of features borrowed from Gmail and Outlook?	Yahoo!; Microsoft Outlook; Gmail; TechCrunch; Technorati; Technology Trends; Technology; Digital Marketing; Geeks; Survey Questions; 	
How much money have US banks borrowed at essentially 0% interest from the Fed since the start of 2008?	2008 Financial Crisis; U.S. Federal Reserve; Banking (excl. Investment Banking); 	
I'm looking to rent or borrow a woman's road bike in SF tomorrow to do the Tiburon loop. Any ideas on how to do that?	San Francisco; Cycling; 	
I have an opportunity to invest in a private real estate fund with a lock-up of 3 years. How do I borrow and lever my exposure to the fund?	Hedge Funds; Private Equity; Investing; Real Estate; 	I have no debt (including no mortgage debt). The fund has a 10% hurdle. I would like to borrow at the short-end of the curve say 2.5% floating. I would like to pledge the investment as collateral.  I have diligenced the investment and am not asking for investment advice. What I would like to create is a simple carry trade where 50% of the investment is funded by short-term low-interest debt.  Which banks would be able to make this happen for me (ideally a bank that accepts the investment as collateral at some haircut)? Or should I use securities-based lending or some other type of facility such as a personally guaranteed loan from a private bank?
How did you feel and deal (and hopefully recover) from borrowing and losing money from family and friends for a startup?	Raising Money; Seed Funding; Survey Questions; Funding; 	
Discuss the tax implication for a company buying new machinery and cars,and borrowing money to finance the purchases?	Taxes; 	
Can you use money from a Roth IRA to purchase stock in a startup? If so is there any way to borrow against the assets in the event of a liquidation? 	Startups; Roth IRA; 	I had heard a rumor Peter Thiel did this with PayPal, but never heard any specifics.
How can I borrow 4 iPads in Switzerland without paying 200 Swiss Francs for the rental of each iPad?	Borrowing; iPad; Switzerland; 	I need them for a course with journalists in Switzerland.
Is there any value in buying non-owner car insurance when borrowing a car for a few months from a non-family member who is not living in the same household?	Auto Insurance; 	The owner of the car will also maintain an insurance policy while another driver is actually using the car on a temp basis.
If I am concerned about SEO, what difference is there in having a *.com domain versus *.net, *.me, *.co, etc...?	Search Engine Optimization (SEO); Top-Level Domains; 	
What is the difference between a net generated website and an HTML generated website?	HTML; Websites; Web Development; Web Design; 	
Is the $2bn run rate for Groupon (2010) gross or net revenue?	Private Company Revenues; Groupon; 	
How does a hedge fund report its performance: gross, or net of all expenses (rent, etc)?	Finance; Hedge Funds; 	
Is the revenue shown in my App Annie account gross or net of Apples fee?	App Annie; 	
Are Nielsen ad spend numbers for Canada presented as Gross$ or Net$?	Nielsen; 	A trusted research buddy indicated Nielsen's reporting on Canadian ad spend per media were in gross $ and that to compare with other sources, we needed to net them down (-15%) - is there any truth to this?  And, while we're at it, where do these numbers come from anyway?
What have been the biggest secrets any indian government(in history) has/had kept from the indian public  and media?	India; History; Government; 	
What's the difference between a contractor and a consultant in the federal government?	Consulting; Contractors; Military Contractors; Management Consulting and Management Consulting Firms; U.S. Federal Government; 	Good answers to this question will improve the quality of service received by government officials, and help companies and individuals better meet their clients' needs.
What is the difference between the system of government in China and Soviet Russia?	Politics in China; Russia; Karl Marx (philosopher, author & economist); Socialism; China; Communism; 	Also, what are the proper terms for both of these. TIL on Quora that the USSR was not communist but socialist.  Is this entirely correct?  Is China also socialist, or is it communist? Elaborate answers would be highly appreciated.
What are the key differences between parliamentary and presidential form of government?	Politics; Government; 	
What is the difference between these two US government topics?	United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); U.S. Federal Government; Topics (Quora content); 	We have the parent topic of United States Governments (Federal, State, Local) [ http://www.quora.com/United-States-Governments-Federal-State-Local ] [formerly just: United States Government] and then a child topic of U.S. Federal Government [ http://www.quora.com/U-S-Federal-Government ]. Both with thousands of followers.  I don't understand the distinction. Should the child topic be merged into the parent?
What are some of the most GROSS  movies ever?	Movies; Movie Business; Hollywood; Worst of X; Entertainment; Movie Recommendations; 	Gross movies include Disgusting Horror, Conspicuously  and outrageously bad or reprehensible movies. For eg. Saw Series, Human Centipede, etc
What are the origins of the word 'gross'?	Etymology; 	
What is your grossest habit?	Survey Questions; Taboos; Habits; Psychology; 	
What is the grossest video on the internet?	Grossness; Videos on the Web; Videos; 	
What is the definition of gross margin %?	Corporate Finance; Profit Margins; 	
What are gross domestic savings?	Economics; 	What is gross domestic saving of a country and what is its relation with the GDP?
How did the German government get the support for their fiscal policies in the 1990s?	1990s; Political Economy; Germany; Fiscal Policy; 	According to an article in Foreign Affairs, '[Germany] reduced unemployment benefits even while reducing worker protections. Wages grew slowly even as productivity increased, and Germany became one of the most competitive manufacturers in the world.'  How did German politicians have the support for this kind of foresight, which was very much against the grain internationally and a tough pill to swallow in the short term.
Is it ethical for a fiscal conservative to lend money to the government by buying bonds/t-bills?	Libertarianism; Government Debt; Sovereign Bonds; Conservatism (politics); Ethics; 	If we believe the government is wasteful and should spend less money, then is it right to subsidize/encourage government spending in this manner?
Why do the fiscal years of so many companies and governments not coincide with Gregorian calendar years?	Economics; Finance; 	Why not use the Gregorian calendar for both purposes?
What do we mean by the term  'fiscal cliff'?	International Economics; 	
What is the issue with India's fiscal deficit?	Economics; 	Why is it high and what are the problems if it remains high? How would it impact the common man? Can someone explain these in simple words.
What is better policy fiscal or monetary?	London School of Economics; International Economics; Economics; The Economist; 	
What is .net?	.NET; Computer Science; 	
How  Indian economy will be in Q4 with respect to the fiscal year?	Stock Market; 	How FIIs and FDIs will behave in Q4 and how this will impact stock market and inturn Indian economy?.
Why do some of the same people who hate investment banks revere the millions of people who lied to get mortgages, and borrowed money with no intention of every paying it back?	Mortgage Fraud; Banks; 1997-2006 United States Housing Bubble; 2008 Financial Crisis; Questions That Contain Assumptions; Mortgages; Mortgage Securities; 	Without all those people taking out mortgages they had no way of ever paying back, the banks wouldn't have failed. Yet many only blame the banks. Why?
Why do some people not hesitate to waste their money to throw booze parties for friends but not forget to take every single penny back borrowed by their friends?	Parties and Partying; Money; Human Behavior; 	
Real Estate: If a seller is willing to accept 100% seller financing, is the buyer entitled to borrow money against the equity that the seller has in the property if seller owned property free and clear?	Real Estate; 	
How much do NSF Fellowship winners, when writing personal statements for the NSF, borrow information from the texts of the personal statements they wrote for grad school?	Graduate School; NSF Graduate Research Fellowship; 	
How does the Indian government work?	India; Government; 	Right from the 1947, how does the world's biggest democracy work?   looking for some serious answers guys, please refrain from posting joke answers.
What are the main differences between north and south Indian food?	India; Indian Food; 	The cuisine of India encompasses a variety of regional cuisines making use of local spices, herbs, vegetables, and fruits. Indian religious and cultural habits—especially Hindu beliefs and culture—have shaped the development of these cuisines.Vegetarianism is common in Indian society.Although, Islamic influence due to years of Mughal and Sultanate rule as well as Persian interactions have influenced North Indian and Deccani cuisine significantly.cuisine has evolved as a result of the subcontinent's cultural interactions with other societies.Indian cuisine has also shaped the history of international relations; the spice trade between India and Europe is often cited as the primary catalyst for Europe's Age of Discovery.Indian cuisine has influenced other cuisines across the world, especially those from Southeast Asia, the British Isles and the Caribbean.
What is the difference between B.Tech. and B.E. courses (referring to the Indian context)?	Indian Institutes of Technology; India; Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur; Colleges and Universities; Technology; Breaking Into Programming and Software Engineering; Institute of Chemical Technology, Mumbai; B.Tech (Computer Science & Engineering); Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay; Colleges and Universities in the United States; B Tech; Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute; 	One is Bachelor of Technology & the other is Bachelor of Engineering. What else?
What are the differences between 'achaar' (Indian pickle) and American pickle?	American Cuisine; Food; Indian Food; Pickles; India; 	Differences in terms of how they are made, how they are consumed, etc.
What really is the difference between IITs and other Indian colleges?	India; Indian Institutes of Technology; Colleges and Universities; 	
What are the differences between Indian Netizens and American Netizens?	India; 	
What are some differences in writing [articles] for American and Indian readers?	Journalism; Survey Questions; Writing; Quora; 	
What differences should an Indian be aware of when driving in USA?	Seattle, WA; India; The United States of America; Washington (state); Redmond, WA; Driving; Driving Tips; Kirkland, WA; Bellevue, WA; Cars and Automobiles; 	Any particularly useful advice on driving for Indians/Asians moving to USA? Answers that are specific to Seattle/Redmond, Washington state will be very helpful. Follow-up question to Canada: What differences should an American be aware of when driving in Canada? [ http://www.quora.com/Canada/What-differences-should-an-American-be-aware-of-when-driving-in-Canada ]
What is the common difference between Indian music and western music?	Music; 	
Does government procurement of more expensive domestic goods provide a net saving for the government?	Government; Economics; Procurement Strategy; 	An example would be: If the Government buys large quantities of vehicles for its Departments, the Police and Military etc, even though there may be cheaper foreign imports available. Does this bring a net saving for the Government, as it is supporting those jobs, meaning lower unit costs per vehicle (making foreign and domestic sales more competitive) more people in work, paying taxes and not requiring unemployment benefits than otherwise?
What are some government bureaucracies faced by Indian startups that hinder their growth?	Startups in New Delhi; Startups in Hyderabad; Startups in Mumbai; Startups in Bangalore; Startups in India; 	
What does the Indian government need to do to ensure that India does well in the 2016 Olympics?	Government of India; India; Sports in India; Politics in India; Indian People; India at the 2012 London Olympics; 	
What is the Indian government going to do after a huge disappointment in the 2G spectrum auction '12?	India; 	
What can be the possible outcome of Indian Government's investigation in Flipkart's FDI investments?	The Hindu; Foreign Direct Investment; Laws in India; Jabong.com; Indian Lawyers; Reserve Bank of India (RBI); Accel Partners; Ananda Bazar Patrika; FDI in Retail in India; Flipkart; Business in India; Government of India; India; Ecommerce in India; Tiger Global (Hedge Fund); Startups in India; 	
What are the greatest achievements of India and the Indian government in the past two decades?	India; History of India; Achievements; Government of India; 	Especially, what are the achievements that Indians themselves are proud of about their country/government? PS: I'm an Indian.
On what basis Indian government prints Rupee notes/bills?	Economy of India; 	Is there any interesting history behind it?
What are some of the multi billion dollar projects undertaken by Indian government for the development of the country?	Government of India; India, Economic Growth; 	
What do Quorans think of the FDI reforms announced by the Indian government?	Foreign Direct Investment; Politics in India; India; Retail; Quora Community; Politics; 	Link http://ibnlive.in.com/news/full-text-govt-approves-fdi-in-multibrand-retail/291503-7.html
What steps should Indian government take to rehabilitate a rape victim?	Government of India; India; 	"The Supreme Court observed that having regard to the Directive principles contained in the Article 38(1) of the Constitution, it was necessary to set up criminal Injuries Compensation Board, as rape victims besides the mental anguish, frequently incur substantial financial loss and in some cases are too traumatized to continue in employment."  Indian government should take proper measures to ensure that the victim is able to live a normal life, shouldn't it? http://www.mumbaipolice.org/archives_report/scheme%20for%20rehabilation%20of%20rape%20victims.pdf
What are the gross margins for heroin and cocaine?	War on Drugs; Cocaine; Heroin; Recreational Drugs; 	
What are the grossest questions and answers on Quora?	Answers (Quora content); Questions (Quora content); Disgust (emotion); Lists of Top Quora Content; Quora; 	
What is a gross receipts tax, as in Delaware?	Tax Law; Taxes; 	
What is the highest grossing restaurant in Philadelphia?	Philadelphia; Restaurants; 	
What are the grossest facts about the food industry?	Food; 	What are some gross facts about the food that we ingest everyday? Such as hygiene, preparation, ingredients, etc.
What are the highest grossing animated films?	Movies; Animated Movies; Movie Business; 	
What is the highest grossing film on VOD?	Movie Business; Film Production and Distribution; 	What film has received the most revenue from VOD rentals?
What are the gross margins on retail jewelry?	What Are the Margins of X?; Jewelry; 	What is the percentage range for jewelry margins in the USA?
What were the top grossing movies in 2010?	Movies; 	
What is a good gross profit percentage?	Accounting; Profitability; Financial Accounting; 	
What is the highest grossing hotel in America?	Hotel Management; Hotels; 	
What is Bill Gross like in person?	What is/was X Like In Person?; PIMCO; Stock Market; Finance; Investing; 	
What is Terry Gross like in person?	NPR; Terry Gross; 	
What is the highest grossing Bollywood movie?	Bollywood; Movies; 	
What is the top grossing casino in the US?	Casinos; Business in United States; 	
What is the difference between public affairs in the government and public relations as practised in the private sector?	Public Relations; 	
What are some of the differences in working with government agencies vs. corporations as clients?	Non-Governmental Organizations; Contracting; Independent Agencies of the U.S. Federal Government; 	
What are the problems with having monetary union without fiscal union?	Eurozone; Politics; Maastricht Treaty; Monetary Policy; Macroeconomics; Fiscal Policy; Euro (currency); 	
What are some possible bipartisan solutions to the looming fiscal cliff?	Tax Policy; U.S. Federal Budget; U.S. Congress; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; Fiscal Policy; 	
What are some non-fiscal measurements of quality of governance in a country?	Quality of Life; Government; Civic Engagement; Corruption; Politics; 	I'm looking for indexes that focus on reliability of the court system, corruption or the lack thereof, civic engagement, trust, quality of life, etc.  Anything that does not involve a balance sheet and debt/credit ratios.  Extra love (and I'll gift 500 Quora credits) for more details on why it's a good predictive tool.  If you've got an answer for this, check out  What are some objective metrics for quality of governance? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-objective-metrics-for-quality-of-governance ]
What fiscal year end should I pick for my startup? 	Accounting; Legal Issues; 	I understand that accounting firms may give a discount to firms that pick something apart from Dec 31. Is there any reason not to pick, say March 31 or June 30?
What "fiscal cliffs" does the pell grant program face?	U.S. Politics; Fiscal Policy; Financial Aid; Higher Education; Education; 	
Is present Indian government, the lamest government of all time?	Indian People; India; Democracy; Indian National Congress; 	
Do salespeople who work for commission typically get paid based on gross revenue or net revenue from their deal?	Sales; Compensation; 	The costs in question include: travel before and after closing the deal, computer hardware, software development, monthly recurring fees (such as servers/licenses).
When businesses like Groupon post their revenues is it gross revenues from selling groupons or net revenue after giving 50% to shops ?	Groupon; 	http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703408604576164641411042376.html?mod=e2tw -- Recently  reported in WSJ that Groupon's revenues are 760 million dollars this year.
Is it typical for fees paid to a financial advisor to be net of taxes (i.e., the fees are grossed up to cover any withholding taxes)?	Business; Finance; 	
How does one calculate gross and net profits for a software company, given the virtual nature of the goods sold?	Accounting; Finance; Sales; Software Companies; 	This is a follow-up question to What is the difference between the gross profit margin and net profit margin of a firm? [ http://www.quora.com/What-is-the-difference-between-the-gross-profit-margin-and-net-profit-margin-of-a-firm ].
How do you calculate specific heat from a given gross calorific value net temperature rise?	Physics; Thermodynamics; 	
Are Indian engineering students obsessed with Java and .NET?	India; C# (programming language); Computer Programming; Java (programming language); .NET; 	
What is the actual reason behind Indian government's cool response to beheading of Indian soldiers by Pakistan?	Politics; India; Military; Beheading; 	Is it American pressure that makes India look like a lame duck because Americans want to draw out from Afghanistan very soon. And if India gets engaged in war with Pakistan then Pakistan will deliberately loosen its grip on its western border there by making it difficult for America to have an early exit. Or it Chinese involved in instigating Pakistanis. Indian economy is not having a good time and if India gets indulged into war, then Indian economy gets further ruined. Or its just asshole Indian politicians who don't care for country and soldiers anymore.
What are the measures Indian Government has to take to make Indian Muslims feel that they belong to this country?	India; 	I feel that the main reason why Indian Muslims are helping terrorists because they feel they are being deprived in this country which is ruled by Muslims for a long time and is famous for Islamic architecture like Taj Mahal,Red fort,Qutub minar etc.,
What are the prospects for the US government to mandate that all corporations above a certain net worth and/or income be required to incorporate as non-profits, in order to serve the public good?	Democracy; Corporate Culture; Economics; Peace; U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Capitalism; Occupy Wall Street; Nonprofit Organizations; Socialism; Corporate Structures; 	If one agrees that the Occupy movement has a valid point -- in that governments and the economy have been doing a very poor job of promoting economic wellbeing -- then it makes sense to look for a concrete goal that the movement might adopt.  And it is not false to write that very large for-profit corporations have their own internal cultures, and have a huge impact on society.  Might it be possible to counteract this (negative) cultural influence by requiring that all of these very large corporations be required, at a certain level, to become nonprofit -- with a mission to serve the public good?  I imagine that many of the heinous things done in the name of profit might be rightly curtailed.  Would this satisfy the Occupy movement's focus, and also lead to a benefit here in the US and globally?  Might it be possible to preserve the entrepreneurial spirit in a place by allowing medium-sized corporations to "slip under" the requirement, thereby promoting innovation, success, creativity, wealth, and all of the other things which make creating a business so attractive to some people and their families?  Is anyone actively promoting such a stance?  All thoughts and answers welcome.
How sound is the process of providing government stimulus based on Keynesian economics in a country with a large fiscal deficit?	Fiscal Policy; Keynesian Economics; Keynesian Economic Stimulus; Sovereign Debt; Macroeconomics; 	
In a severe recession, should the majority of fiscal stimulus consist of lower taxes or higher government spending?	Government; Fiscal Policy; Government Spending; Taxes; Economics; Macroeconomics; Keynesian Economic Stimulus; Recessions; 	Please critically evaluate the relative merits of tax reductions (income tax cuts, rebates, reductions in payroll taxes, tax credits for investment, etc...) and spending increases (infrastructure investment, transfer payments, state-and-local gov. payments, etc.)
How much money could the US Federal Government generate, for one fiscal year, if it revoked tax exemption to religious institutions?	United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); Religion; Internal Revenue Service (IRS); Taxes; Religious Institutions; 	
Should kingfisher airlines be bailed out by the Indian government?	Airlines; 	
If Eric Cantor says that "The US can't borrow money it doesn't have", does he then believe that all banks should be required to lend only money they have and become fully capitalized, instead of the current 5-10% they have on their books in order to meet lending requirements?	Economic Policy; Fiscal Policy; Republican Party (U.S.); Eric Cantor (House Majority Leader); U.S. Politics; U.S. Federal Budget; Banking; Finance; 	
Does the law that allows me to possess a digital copy when I possess a physical media disc allow me to download a digital version of a DVD when the copy I borrowed from the library no longer works?	Copyright Law; Copyright Infringement; Libraries and Librarianship; Technology Law; Media Law; 	
I keep hearing that some old languages like smalltalk and lisp are so great that new languages are still borrowing ideas from them, is that true? if that is true, why did these old languages die in the first place?	Programming Languages; 	
When qualifying for government benefits (in US) do they count net assets or total asset?	Social Services; The United States of America; Government Benefits; 	That is if you have a million dollars in assets but also have a million dollars of debts can you qualify for various government assistance programs?
What is Net Neutrality ?	Public Policy; Phrase Definitions; Government Regulations; Telecommunications; Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon; Technology Law; Internet Law; Federal Communications Commission; Net Neutrality; 	Can someone please educate me on who the opposing sides are in the net neutrality debate and what their key contentions are.
What is the most powerful feature in .Net?	ASP.NET; 	
What are some of the most popular .net websites?	Websites; Top-Level Domains; 	
What does your net worth consist of?	Personal Finance; 	This seems like a simple question and I don't know the answer!  I'm 19, and want to figure it out and see where I stand for the question "What is a high net worth for a 20 year old". I know that it's not that important, but still, I'm curious.  
What is Obama's net worth?	Barack Obama; 	
What is net worth of Monster.com?	Monster.com; 	
What is your net worth?	Survey Questions; Being Wealthy; Personal Finance; Wealth; Money; Venture Capital; 	
What is .NET in layman terms?	.NET; 	
What is the dfference between java and .net?	Startup Advice and Strategy; 	
What are nets around buildings for?	Civil Engineering; Buildings; 	I work in a 9-story building, and I was wondering why there was a net right above the ground all around it.  Have a look at it here: http://imgur.com/lw01n  What is it for?
What is Groupon's average gross margin on a daily deal?	Groupon; Startups; Social Buying; Social Commerce; 	For example, if the deal costs $50, how much of this does Groupon take?
What's a typical gross margin for apparel sold online?	Online Retail; 	In theory, apparel makers selling through their own online storefront (or even a service such as Amazon's marketplace) should enjoy higher margins online than through the national retailers that, in some cases, require margin guarantees of their own.  In practice, what is the differential?
What is the highest gross margin product in the music industry?	Music Marketing; Music Label Management; Social and Online Music; Social and Online Music Startups; Entertainment Startups; Startup Advice and Strategy; Startup Business Models; Fashion Marketing; Music Technology; Music; Business Development; Business Models; Record Labels; Independent Music; Music Industry; Entertainment Industry; Business Strategy; 	Record sales? Not. Merch? Shows? Promotional deals?
What will The Hunger Games' opening weekend gross be?	Lionsgate (movie studio); Movie Business; Box Office Gross; The Hunger Games (2012 movie); 	BoxOffice.com has The Hunger Games opening weekend at $125,000,000 http://www.boxoffice.com/statistics/long_term_predictions?w=1
What is the grossest thing your child has ever done?	Fatherhood; Motherhood; Children; Children's Stories; 	
What's the gross profit rate of Tesla Model S?	Tesla Motors Inc.; 	
What makes Terry Gross such a good interviewer?	Fresh Air (radio series); Terry Gross; Questions That Contain Assumptions; News Interviews; 	
What is the cutest creature that most people find gross?	Animals; Cuteness; Living Organisms; 	Including bugs or non-mammal organisms.
What are the very best Fresh Air interviews with Terry Gross?	Terry Gross; NPR; Fresh Air (radio series); Radio; Personal Interviews; 	
What should be the typical gross margin for a SaaS startup?	Pricing of Cloud Services; Software-as-a-Service (SaaS); Startups; 	Should it stay between 30-40% or can it be as high as 80%?
What do you think of eating Natto? Is it delicious? Is it gross?	Natto; Survey Questions; Japanese Cuisine; Food; 	
What are the highest grossing films by year in UK?	United Kingdom; Flim; 	
What are the top grossing apps in the Google Apps Marketplace?	Google Apps (service); Google Apps Marketplace; 	
What are all the gross facts the Mameshiba share with their victims?	Mameshiba; Japan; Facts and Trivia; Japanese Cuisine; Anime; Japanese Culture; 	And, if possible, are any/all of them true, or is that just an additional layer of joke?
What made Avatar gross $2.8 billion worldwide?	Avatar (2009 movie); Box Office Gross; Movies; 	The movie is not that good.
What is the average gross margin at department store?	Retail; 	For brands like Milly, DVF, Tory Burch, Rebecca Taylor, etc., are department stores selling the merchandise at full price?  I suspect no.  On average, how much are they marking the merchandise down in order to sell it?
What are Tieks by Gavrieli's sales and gross margins?	Tieks; Profit; Sales; Shoes; 	See http://www.tieks.com/.
For a bootstrapped web startup, what should be considered gross assets?	Accounting; Finance; Taxes; Startups; 	Built with open source technologies, no patents, etc. No office space, real estate, etc. Really just getting started.
What are the differences (in quality, reliability etc.) between an Indian freelance software developer/engineer and an Indian software developer/engineer employee?	oDesk; Software Engineering; India; Guru.com; Elance; Indian People; Freelancing; 	
What are the legal and technical differences between a non-resident-Indian (NRI) and a person of Indian origin (PIO) and an Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) ?	Non-resident Indians; Income Tax; India; Indian Diaspora; 	Also, are there any famous PIOs and OCIs?
How do you explain difference between current account deficit and fiscal deficit to someone with no background in economics?	Economics; Macroeconomics; 	
Apart from education what are the others sectors/industries for which Indian government provided free or concessional land?	Economy of India; India; India Against Corruption; Political Corruption; Government of India; Subsidies; India News and Media Industry; Land Acquisition Act; 	
What happens if Indian government blocks foreign sites like Google, Facebook like the Chinese did?	Startups in India; India; Web Censorship; 	
What do students/beneficiaries from reserved classes think about the Indian Government's policy on caste-based reservation system?	Indian Institute of Technology,  Kanpur; Politics in India; India; Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi; Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur; Reservations; Indian Caste System; Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay; Indian Institutes of Technology; 	It's no secret people from General Classes have protested a lot against the policy, seeing at as a unfair compromise on 'meritocracy'. Largely the policy has been seen as a failure and amounting to a vote-bank agenda in the end. So I want the other side's perspective- do students from reserved classes feel the same about the policy and have availed it because it's impractical to reject benefits or do you believe it was really needed and it has helped you due to monetary reasons?  PS. My own opinions on the same@Siddharth Bhattacharya's answer to India: What are your views on caste based reservation system in India? [ http://www.quora.com/India/What-are-your-views-on-caste-based-reservation-system-in-India/answer/Siddharth-Bhattacharya ] (long answer warning)
What are the must know laws for a common Indian citizen when dealing with government officials?	India; 	I'm more interested in those laws that could possible help me in dealing with government officials.
What protective measures can the Indian government take to prevent bomb blasts at public places?	India; Terrorism; Government of India; 	Repeated attacks at public places like the recent one at Dilsukhnagar in Hyderabad(2013 Hyderabad blasts [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_Hyderabad_blasts ]) , Sarojini Nagar, Delhi shows that terrorists are targeting the weakest link in the chain. Apart from installing CCTVs , what other bright ideas are used by other countries if at all?
What is the Indian Government's explanation for the necessity of Armed Forces Special Powers Act in North Eastern States?	Human Rights; Indian Armed Forces; North East India; 	
Why does no Indian government aim to eliminate poverty within 5 years? Is it impossible? What is a possible timeframe?	Politics in India; Economics; Poverty; India; 	
What are some startup opportunities created by the Indian Government decision of Nov 2011 to permit foreign investment in multi-brand retail?	Startups in India; Entrepreneurship in India; Retail; 	51% foreign ownership in multi brand retail and 100% in single brand retail.
Why are most Indian government websites so poorly designed? What would it take to make them more usable and accessible?	Web Design; India; 	A majority of government websites use marquees, blinking text, etc. A significant number of them support only Internet Explorer, etc.  The following links seem relevant in this context:  Accessibility of Government Websites in India [ http://cis-india.org/accessibility/accessibility-of-govt-websites.pdf/view ]: A Report - CIS India  http://catb.org/esr/html-hell.html  http://www.informationweek.com/government/information-management/12-best-government-websites
What kind of steps can current Indian government (2013) take to propel the economic growth of the country to 2006 level?	Economy of India; Gross Domestic Product; 	
What well-known publicly traded companies are on non-calendar fiscal years?	Investing; Investors; Finance; Corporations; Corporate Governance; Securities Law; 	
What "grand bargain" would you like to see in response to the fiscal cliff?	Survey Questions; Politics; U.S. Politics; Economics; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; 	Like many Americans, I am frustrated with leaders of both parties, who prioritize scoring political points ahead of solving our very real debt and deficit problems.  I would prefer if both parties had more of a problem solving orientation.  So, I pose this question to the problem solvers in the Quora community; how would you like to see politicians address the debt and deficit problems in the US?
What is a fair and objective way to compare economic and fiscal outcomes across Presidencies?	The White House; U.S. Federal Budget; U.S. Politics; Economic Policy; Politics; Economics; 	Since the budget starts on October 1, budgets will span presidencies during a transition year. This complicates the evaluation of economic policies, especially those with considerable lag.
To what extent have monetary and fiscal policies become intertwined after the financial crisis?	Economic Policy; Macroeconomics; U.S. Monetary Policy; Financial Crises; Finance; Fiscal Policy; Economics; 	
What happens if Washington fails to avert the "fiscal cliff" before the end of the year?	U.S. Politics; Economics; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; Politics; U.S. Federal Government; 	
What do you think of the Fiscal Cliff deal?  Would you have voted for it if you were a member of Congress?	2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; U.S. Congress; Politics; U.S. Politics; Survey Questions; 	
What would be more appealing, "fiscal cliff" as a clothing label or  a new cocktail?	Startups; Marketing; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; U.S. Politics; Cocktails; Clothing; Fashion and Style; 	If its a clothing label how would you go about branding the same? How would a  cocktail reflect the characteristics of the "fiscal cliff
How do the Indian government's attitudes to startups and entrepreneurship differ from those of the US government?	Startups in India; Government of India; Entrepreneurship in India; United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); American Businesses; Business in India; 	
In the App Store top grossing charts, what period of time is examined to determine the gross?	Apple Inc.; iOS App Store; 	Does it look at the entire duration of an apps presence on the Store?
The Fiscal Year for the government starts in October. Why is sequestration going to effect in the middle of the year? And is it intended to cut 2012, 2013, or 2014 expenses?	2013 Budget Sequestration; U.S. Politics; Economics; United States Governments (Federal, State, Local); Bush Tax Cuts; U.S. Federal Budget Deficit; 	I am unsure which year it effects and as near as I can tell Sequestration would not go into effect FY Q1 because that is an election cycle.
What are the differences between paying taxes to a violent government vs paying extortion to organized crime?	Corruption; Crime; Taxes; Extortion; Mafia; Personal Responsibility; Organized Crime; Government; 	Extortion: Is it wrong to pay organized crime "protection money" when they threaten you? [ http://www.quora.com/Extortion/Is-it-wrong-to-pay-organized-crime-protection-money-when-they-threaten-you ]
What are the similarities and differences between the UK government's proposed Universal Credit and proposals for a Citizen's Income?	Universal Credit (UK); United Kingdom; 	
What is the difference when we say government of india and english east india co. During 1757-1857?	History of India; 	
What if the British government had provided enough money for Charles Babbage to complete his difference and analytical engines in the 19th century?	History of Computing; Charles Babbage; Steampunk (genre); Alternate Histories (Historical "What-Ifs"); 	Charles Babbage designed the difference engine, the first fully automatic calculating machine in the 1830's and the analytical engine, the first general purpose mechanical computer in the 1840's. Attempts to build the difference engine cost a lot more than expected and the British government stopped funding after spending 17000 pounds (double the cost of a warship). In 1990 scientists built a working difference engine from the original plans to tolerances available at the time which proved that the design was valid. What would have happened if the British government had provided the funding necessary to build the difference and analytical engines? Would Britain have achieved major advances in artillery, encryption and science 100 years earlier? see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Difference_engine http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analytical_Engine
What are the economic differences between liquidity injections by central banks balance-sheet expansion and economic stimulus by increased government spending?	Macroeconomics; Keynesian Economics; Fiscal Policy; Monetary Policy; 	differences on interest rate curve i would guess, but what about productivity, taxation, and general macro-econ considerations?
What is the difference between the imaginary "death panels" government healthcare would have and the actual insurance companies that kill people all the time by refusing to pay for a procedure?	Health Insurance; Healthcare Reform; Health Care Bill; Health Care Industry; 	
Is the Indian government doing anything to promote startups inside the country?	Government; Startups in India; Business in India; Entrepreneurship in India; India; 	
Is there any workaround for new tax on angel funding by indian government?	Startups in India; 	http://www.firstpost.com/economy/budget-2012-threat-to-enterprise-mentoring-angel-investors-worried-248363.html
Is it true that Malana valley doesn't come under Indian government's jurisdiction?	Manali, Himachal Pradesh, India; India; Travel; Himachal Pradesh, India; Backpacking; 	I have heard that Malana isnt governed by constitution of India, and only allows foreign travelers in their valley. What should be kept in mind if an Indian intends to visit there for a couple of days?
Who are some of the major software and/or IT services providers to the Indian government?	IT in India; Outsourcing; Government of India; India; Managed IT Services; 	
For whom should an Indian citizen vote: a corrupt or a communal government?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Politics in India; India; India Against Corruption; 	A corrupt government makes for a lot of scams and makes life difficult. On the other hand, a communal government would take many lives and stir controversy in society. I haven't taken any sides. I have the right to vote and I want to make the best of it. I would like to hear views from both sides.
Why is Indian Government forcing digitisation of Cable TV?	Cable TV Companies; Digitization; India; Government of India; 	Why is there sudden urge to alter the standards of cable telivision in India, already people are annoyed with the wrong doings of our politicians and the dismal condition of our nation economically. Who is behind this and why?
Why do you think does the Indian government make unnecessary laws?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; India; 	Unnecessary laws like PUC for vehicles every 6 months, Compulsory helmets for people. Eg. (Mumbai, where its of no use, think about the speed at what you ride.) Seat belt for the person sitting next to the driver. (They say its a high court rule, LOL. Why do you need the seat belt at such slow speeds, no man come on get a life!) and many many more you get pissed off daily....
Why can't Indian government extradite Dawood Ibhrahim from Dubai?	Politics in India; 	
Why did the Indian government's 2G spectrum auction fail?	Politics in India; India Against Corruption; India; Indian Scams; Economics; 	Many people are blaming the Govt. for this and many people are blaming CAG and Opposition parties for a foolish approach. I want to understand why?how ? and whats of this issue.....
Why Indian Government interested in fuel price decontrol?	India; Economics; 	
Why has the Indian government sidelined it long term goals?	Goals; Goal-setting; Economics; India; Government; Indian Politicians; Politics; 	it only focuses on policies to be introduced, and rectifying the current policy, its main wok that it does is answering the questions that have been asked against them rather than focusing on the development of the nation.
Should Indian Government link essential subsidies to family planning?	India; Economics; Macroeconomics; Subsidies; Government of India; 	Should Indian Government link essential subsidies to family planning ? Should the government need to be real strict with: "if you want essential stuff for free, stop with one kid" ?  From my casual observation, I see that the (case1) 'poor' families that receive AND make use of government subsidies (free food grains, free basic electricity, free schooling, free medical care, free house-hold appliances, free laptop etc ) generally have more children per family ...  than (case2) the educated / earning families that do not receive / make use of (due to ineligibility) these subsidies.   I feel, the case-1 people DO NOT understand / realize the 'actual cost' of bringing up children, and hence do not worry about having more of them.  Whereas, the case-2 people pay taxes PLUS spend a huge amount on each of the above mentioned stuff. Hence they foresee the real burden (self responsibility) in bringing up each kid, and hence limit themselves to 1 or max 2 children per family.   The irony being: all the subsidies for case1 are made possible through the taxes paid by case2.   Isn't this like robbing Peter to pay Paul, encouraging the creation of more poorer Pauls, and (indirectly) encouraging the creation of fewer Paul's?   Whereas the exact opposite could lead to true betterment at macro level in long term (more educated+healthy+richer citizens to subsidise the Paul's), ultimately reducing the rich-poor gap .  Should the government need to be real strict with: "if you want essential stuff for free, stop with one kid" ?
What is the dark net? What types of networks or websites are part of the dark net?	The Internet; Online Communities; Consumer Internet; Darknets; Underground Culture; World Wide Web; 	For reference, see Gawker [ http://www.quora.com/Gawker ] http://gawker.com/5851459 in which darknets were briefly mentioned. I am interested in details, especially "stories from the inside".
Can there be a difference in policies based on level of government?	Local Government; 	Can municipal governments practice libertarianism?   I'm trying to get an understanding of how policies will differ based on the government level. Thanks in advance.
What startups use .NET technologies?	Engineering in Silicon Valley; Programming Languages; Startups; .NET; 	I hear about a lot of startups using Ruby, Python, Java, Scala, Objective-C, etc.  Are there any out there using .NET languages?  What are the advantages?
What are all the JSON APIs available on the net?	APIs; JSONP; JSON; 	Let`s make a list, add links if you can.
What are some .Net Startups in the LA area?	Startups; .NET; Startups in Los Angeles; 	Yes, the elusive .Net startup. I am desperately searching for a startup that uses .Net in the LA area (OC is viable as well). Any ideas?
What is Leonardo DiCaprio's net worth?	Leonardo DiCaprio; Wealth; Acting; 	
What is a good net promoter score to have?	Net Promoter Score; 	
What is Sarah Palin's net worth?	Sarah Palin; 	
What is Reid Hoffman's net worth?	Reid Hoffman; 	Approximately, at a high level. If you look at, say, his Facebook investment and his LinkedIn stake, what does it come out to?
What retailers have the highest net margins?	Retail; Profitability; 	
What are the advantages of OAuth? Is there a .Net implementation of it?	Authentication; Internet Security; 	We are looking to use OAuth in a large scale enterprise application and wondering what should be worry about using OAuth. Any comments appreciated.
What is the best MVC framework for .NET?	Web Application Frameworks; ASP.NET MVC; ASP.NET; 	
What are the strongest arguments against net neutrality?	Federal Communications Commission; Net Neutrality; Government Regulations; What Are the Best Arguments Against X?; 	
What is the best net top box?	HDTVs (display device); Windows Media Center; Cable TV; DVRs; 	I'd like to purchase a net top box to replace my cable - I'd like it to have a TV tuner, run Windows Media Center (or other DVR software), and be able to display HD video content flawlessly. Any recommendations?
What is Jay-Z's net worth?	Jay-Z; Net Worth; How Much Is X Worth?; 	
What's the formula for determining 'net worth'?	Valuations; Networth; Forbes (Forbes.com and magazine); Success; Billionaires; 	It's something that I don't yet fully understand. I've always assumed it's based on a person's investments, shares, assets and inherited money.  But, how is it all worked out? How reliable is it?
What is the best .NET CMS available?	Content Management Systems (CMS); 	Looking for .net CMS
What is Kanye West's net worth?	Kanye West; How Much Is X Worth?; Net Worth; 	
What is the ide of .net  in other operating systems?	.NET; 	
What is the net worth of Jimmy Wales?	Jimmy Wales; Wikipedia; Net Worth; 	
What is the best search engine for .NET?	Search Engines; Needs to Be Clearer; .NET; 	
What opening build nets you the most wins?	StarCraft II; Video Games; 	Implicitly, what is your race. Also, what is your league/rank.
What are the strongest arguments for net neutrality?	Net Neutrality; Federal Communications Commission; Internet Service Providers; Government Regulations; What Are the Best Arguments for X?; 	This is a follow-up question to What are the strongest arguments against net neutrality? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-the-strongest-arguments-against-net-neutrality ].
What is the libertarian position on net neutrality?	Net Neutrality; Libertarianism; Internet Law; The Internet; Technology Policy; U.S. Politics; 	
What is the net worth of John Cena?	World Wrestling Entertainment; 	
What is Vladimir Putin's net worth?	Russia; 	
What is the net effect of Airbnb on the economy?	International Economics; Airbnb; U.S. Economy; Economics; 	Emphasis on net effect.
What is "Net Asset Value Generation"?	Lean Startups; Startup Advice and Strategy; Business Models; Entrepreneurship; Business; Small Businesses; Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Business Strategy; 	Please explain it further answering the "who, where, when, why and most significantly, the what" questions and how.
What is Vijay Mallya's net worth?	United Breweries; UB City; Kingfisher Airlines; Indian Premier League (IPL); Business; 	We've all seen/heard of his splurging capabilities but how much is he worth really?
What is James Altucher's net worth?	Personal Finance; Net Worth; James Altucher; 	
What is the .NET framework in layman's terms?	.NET; 	What does it enable programmers to do? What are it's advantages/disadvantages?
What are are most popular .NET shopping carts?	Shopping Cart Software; E-commerce Platforms; .NET; 	
What is the total net worth of the world?	Economics; Net Worth; Wealthy People and Families; Wealth; 	If we were to just simply add up the net worth in today's US dollars of everyone/entities on the planet, what would the number be? Also, is this number a meaningless one not worth calculating? Is there a better way to approach this?
Is there a net worth at which gold diggers are attracted to a person? If so, at what net worth is it?	Gold Diggers; Wealth; 	That is, what is the smallest amount of money you have to possess or earn in annual income in order to become interesting to a majority of people whom others consider gold diggers?
What is exact diffrence between ip adress ,net mask,net adress?	Computer Networking; 	
What is considered a healthy gross profit margin? what path should I take?	Retail; 	Hi,  I have just started a niche business of importing foreign goods at factory prices direct from the manufacturer and selling them at my retail shop at an average markup of Landing cost x 2 + local taxes or at a margin of ~50%.  I have a retail shop and I also sell to institutions (training institutes) who want to provide their students with my products. More often than not, these institutes expect to earn a big margin sometimes 20-30% on their order which I wish were huge. I also sell some local niche brands in my shop on a consignment basis and I pay the vendor at month end the sales - my margin.  I need some advice on  1. is the markup of 2x or margin of 50% healthy comparable to the retail industry or am I underselling ?  2. With institutions what model should I follow     (a) give them a discount on every purchase     (b) let them take my imported branded goods on a consignment basis and pay me monthly based on their sales. 3. Am I a retailer or trader?  Mind you the institutions have no retail background and are generally unprofessional when it comes to taking responsibility of my products on a consignment basis. I am better off selling to them at a discount and not worry about the sales.  I like to think I am more of a Retailer who wants to reach the customers directly offline and online.  Any other advise on how to move forward to increase sales and turnover via tuning pricing model and giving incentive scheme would be greatly appreciated.  Cheers, Joe
What are the revenue models for SSPs and DSPs? What kind of gross margins do they earn?	Display Advertising; Ad Exchanges; SSP (Sell-Side Platform); Real Time Bidding; Mobile Advertising; Demand Side Platform (DSP); 	Specifically do SSP/DSPs earn a % of ad spend? If so what is it? Or do they operate on an arbitrage model, straight fee model? I'm looking for specific numbers/percentages. Do the same models apply to both desktop and mobile RTB?
Which site gives a unique table of all DJIA stocks with last 10 years revenues, gross margin, earnings, net income, P/E, book value, etc? (quarterly and yearly)	Stock Data; Investing; Stock Market; Dow Jones Industrial Average; Stocks (financial); Stock Investing; Value Investing; Stock Fundamental Data; 	1 unique sheet with all the fundamentals data, automatically updated
Am I the only person with South Asian roots who is disgusted and appalled by the second gang-rape attack in India?!  I feel ashamed to call myself a young Indian woman who shares the same roots as these rapists. What is the Indian government doing to prevent this from happening again?	Government; India; Health and Wellness; Law Enforcement and the Police; Humaity; Ethics; Justice; Morals and Morality; Gang-rape; Safety; 	
What "Fresh Air" interviewees have flustered or discomforted Terry Gross?	Radio; Fresh Air (radio series); Terry Gross; NPR; 	
What are examples of online retailers that command 30% or better gross margins?	Startups; Major Internet Companies; E-Commerce; Retail; Online and Mobile Payments; 	
What are the formulas used to calculate Life expectancy and Gross national product (GNP)?	Probability; Mathematics; 	What are the formulas used.
What made Titanic become the highest grossing movie of its time and the second overall?	Movie Business; Box Office Gross; Titanic (1997 movie); Hollywood; Why Is X So Popular?; Movies; 	
What have been the biggest grossing original action films of the past decade?	Movie Business; Box Office Gross; Movies; 	
What company (existing or startup) best demonstrates a gross lack of planned abandonment?	Business Management; Management; Innovation; Peter Drucker (author); 	Peter F. Drucker described "planned abandonment" as businesses and governments natural tendency to cling to "yesterday's successes" rather than seeing when they are no longer useful. What company today best demonstrates a gross lack of planned abandonment?
What is the grossest thing ever found in a fast food order?	Sanitation; Restaurants; Food; Fast Food; 	I apologize for asking this question.
What were the highest-grossing titles in entertainment in 2010 (Films, Games, Music or TV)?	Entertainment; Show Business; 	
What publicly-traded consumer Internet companies have the highest gross margins?	Venture Capital; Investing; The Internet; Business Models; 	
What are the top grossing crowdfunding platforms for non-US citizens (NO kickstarter.com)?	Indiegogo; Crowdfunding; Kickstarter; 	Also, are there crowdfunding leaders for certain areas, like apps, social causes or movies? I am looking for kickstarter alternatives open for europeans.
What are some of the "grossest" things from a scientific perspective that we touch everyday with our hands?	Biology; 	
What are the top 10 highest grossing, FREE mobile apps on IOS and Android?	Mobile Applications; 	
What does "Top Grossing" on the Apple App Store mean exactly?	Apple Inc.; iOS App Store; Technology; Mobile App Distribution Platforms; 	
What are examples of high gross margin consumer products that are relatively cheap to ship?	Online Retail; Consumer Products; Order Fulfillment; Retail; 	The opposite here would be dog food which is low gross margin and expensive to ship.  I'm looking examples of products (for example, diamonds) that are high gross margin and cheap to ship.
What actors have played in multiple billion-dollar grossing movies?	Movies; Actor Lists; Actors and Actresses; 	Considering worldwide revenue, not just U.S.
What are the shipping costs as a percentage of gross sales when operating an ecommerce store?	E-Commerce; 	
What was special about the movie "The Avengers" that makes it the third highest grossing movie of all time?	Marvel Comics; The Avengers (2012 movie); Movie Story and Plot Themes; Movies Released in 2012; Movies; Movie Business; 	The movie grossed a total of $1.49 billion which makes it the third highest grossing movie of all time. The top two highest grossing movies are Avatar (2009) and Titanic (1997) directed by James Cameron.
What is the calculation used to determine the gross yield on your investment property?	Real Estate Investing; Real Estate; 	
What are the most box office grossing movies in terms of movies with a low budget?	Box Office Gross; Movie Business; 	
What were the highest grossing and most critically acclaimed games released by Psygnosis/Studio Liverpool?	Video Games; 	
What is the maximum percentage of gross salary that one should spend on rent or mortgage?	Mortgages; Apartments; Real Estate; Apartment Rentals; Housing; Income; Rentals; Personal Finance; 	
What are the 10 largest ecommerce companies in the world by 2011 gross merchandise volume?	E-Commerce; 	Amazon, eBay, Alibaba Group, Rakuten, Mercado Libre,others?
What movie will have the highest grossing midnight screening of 2012?	The Avengers (2012 movie); The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey (2012 movie); Movies; Box Office Gross; The Dark Knight Rises (2012 movie); Midnight Sneak Previews; 	Candidates include Breaking Dawn Part 2, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, The Dark Knight Rises and The Avengers.
What films have had the highest opening weekend gross on their re-release?	Movies; Box Office Gross; 	The Lion King (1994 movie & Broadway musical) [ http://www.quora.com/The-Lion-King-1994-movie-Broadway-musical ] just did this, but are there any other films that have?
What adjusted gross income puts you in the top 1% of the US?	Money; Distribution of Wealth; The United States of America; The Top 1% of Income Earners; Wanting and Making Money; Wealth; 	
What is a reasonable gross profit percentage ( revenue - ( cogs & all expenses ) ) for a small restaurant?	Restaurants; 	
What is the typical gross margin for women's apparel and accessories at national retailers?	Women's Fashion; 	
What is the gross transaction volume currently generated by advertising exchanges? 	Internet Advertising; Advertising and Advertisements; Google; Yahoo!; Interactive Advertising; 	Put another way, how much money is currently being spent on ad exchanges like RightMedia, Google Ad Exchange, ADSDAQ, etc.?
Sorry to be gross, but why do cats vomit so much and what solutions do you have to curb this?	Pet Health; Cats (pets); Pets; 	Every cat I have owned – short- or long-haired – has had this problem. They're well cared for, eat quality food, see the vet regularly and are treated lovingly, yet seem to leave "presents" quite often. Even my brother-in-law, who is a wonderful veterinarian and animal surgeon, would welcome new insights. I've never found a good answer to this, nor a good solution after thirty years.
What is an appropriate % of gross revenues to charge as rent on a really good domain name?	Domain Names; 	Rent NOT sell!  Selling is not an option.
What is a sustainable ratio of monthly residual expenses to gross revenue in the restaurant industry?	Restaurant Business; Food Industry; Restaurants; 	
Health care professionals: What is the weirdest/grossest/most disturbing thing you have seen in the ER?	Medicine and Healthcare; 	
What is the difference in higher education( graduation) between USA and Indian colleges and Universities in terms of the knowledge used to make productive work during their graduation?	Colleges and Universities; Higher Education; Education; Academia; 	I am a sophomore in college and want to know the difference in an average college student of India and USA in terms of taking up Internships and projects during their life at college.  P.S In my college nobody ever comes up with any idea or implementation or even try interning for any company while I have heard many students in USA that they take internships in likes of Facebook, Google and Microsoft just after taking 2 or 3 courses in Computer Science while here in India they just wait for their graduation and then hunt for jobs.
What is the difference between a government/central bank creating more money (quantitive easing) to give to private banks to stimulate economic growth, and simply creating more money to pay its creditors?	Government Debt; Finance; Quantitative Easing; Economic Policy; Macroeconomics; Monetary Policy; Keynesian Economic Stimulus; Money Supply; Public Finance; 	I can understand why creditor nations or institutions would not want to be paid in currency that has been created at the click of a mouse, but why then is the money solid and trustworthy when it is put into the hands of the big banks? Also, do nations who belong to the Eurozone have the ability to implement QE as the UK and US have done?
Why Indian government is trying hard to suppress freedom of expression on Internet?	Free Internet; India; The Internet; 	As examples of India's increasing desire to suppress content on the Internet. http://www.webpronews.com/u-n-considering-global-internet-tax-for-u-s-based-websites-2012-06  http://www.webpronews.com/united-nations-changes-its-mind-now-favors-internet-freedom-2012-07  http://www.webpronews.com/opindia-is-anonymous-new-campaign-against-internet-censorship-2012-05
Why is the Indian government allowing Rohingya Muslims to enter whereas Muslim countries don't?	Myanmar (Burma); Religion; India; Questions That Contain Assumptions; Muslims; 	Rohingya muslims from myanmar are fleeing to India and government is allowing them here. Is india a global dharamshala where anyone can seek asylum?  Rohingya muslims have jehadi roots and they were banned from Thailand because of their violent activities.
Has the Indian government planned and executed long term economic plans spanning more than a decade?	India; Politics; Economics; 	India, being a democracy is prone to thinking in terms of 4-5 year plans (till the next election) and does not have any long term plans spanning decades like the PRC does. PRC has succeeded in lifting 200M people from poverty into the middle class because of this long term planning. I am not trying to criticize the 5 year plans, but want to know if there have been any long term well executed plans in terms of economics, foreign policy or urban development. My thought process is that Indian high command seems to lack this particular trait and it is severely crippling development. Any added insight would be great.
Can the Indian government change the FDI in retail policy without introducing it in Parliament?	Foreign Direct Investment; FDI in Retail in India; Indian Constitution; India; 	
Why did the Indian Government reject Pakistan's proposal for UN probe into the LoC incident?	United Nations; Politics; India; Indian Army; Pakistan Army; India-Pakistan Relations; International Politics; Pakistan; 	I have been following news about the incident, and neither side is budging from their stand point than why an inquiry by a neutral party is out-rightly rejected by India?  Are these inquiries biased in some way?  India rejects Pakistan proposal for UN probe into LoC incident - The Times of India [ http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/India-rejects-Pakistan-proposal-for-UN-probe-into-LoC-incident/articleshow/17967836.cms ]
Why can't the Indian government take action to build the irctc website faster?	Indian Railways; India; Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation; 	
Indian Goverment deferred GAAR. Does this show that government is under too much pressure from foreign investors?	Economics; India; Politics in India; Economy of India; 	What can be one good reason for government not to implement GAAR. A policy which have been adopted by many countries including many developed nations. Does this shows government's double standards? One hand it forces high fuel prices on common man to control fiscal deficit on other it gives away millions/billions of USD to big multinationals latest example being Vodafone - Essar deal. Why government is reluctant to introduce strong anti tax avoidance rules like other countries?
How did the Indian government successfully centralize during the British era and transition to independence?	India; History of India; History; British Raj (Colonial Rule of India; 1858-1947); 	
Why are Indian people unable to overthrow scamster governments off-late?	India; 	Eventhough India is the largest democracy, their people are unable to stop the largest scams happening in a row. Despite of the largest agitations after independence,  it seems to go nowhere. During this time, the governments are bringing more and more reforms which are -anti-democratic. A fraction of whatever happening should have brought change in power if it were 10 years ago.
Is it fair for the opposition and the media to attack the Indian Government on the basis of information released by Wikileaks?	Politics; Politics in India; WikiLeaks; India; 	
Why does the Indian government continue to allow the Naxalite rebellion to occur within their country?	Politics in India; Rebellion and Unrest; Politics; India; Naxalism; Warfare; 	Aren't they afraid that this internal revolution will stall the nation's growth and potentially destabilize the country?  http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2010/05/14/india_s_failing_counterinsurgency_campaign  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8256692.stm
Is rupee depriciation a game played by Indian government to attract FDI?	India; Foreign Direct Investment; 	
How good or bad it would be If Indian government had not abolished jury trial?	Indian Judiciary; Laws in India; India; 	Jury trials were abolished by the government of India [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_of_India ] in 1960 on the grounds they would be susceptible to media and public influence. This decision was based on an 8:1 acquittal of Kawas Nanavati in K. M. Nanavati vs. State of Maharashtra [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K._M._Nanavati_vs._State_of_Maharashtra ], which was overturned by higher courts, on the grounds that the jury was misled by the presiding judge.
Was Indian government right in agreeing to a conditional handover of Italian Marines?	Foreign Policy; India; 	"External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid said that India gave assurances to Italy that the marines will not face death penalty ..." Source: Italian marines travel to India for murder trial [ http://www.business-standard.com/article/current-affairs/italian-marines-travel-to-india-for-murder-trial-113032200033_1.html ]  Death sentence is rare in India and it is unlikely that the courts of India would award a death sentence.  However, how can the government give such an assurance? It is for the courts of India to decide, isn't it?
Did Potti Sreeramulu arm twist the Indian government into creating a separate state?	Tamil Nadu, India; India; Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India; Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India; Politics in India; Andhra Pradesh, India; 	What exactly happened while creating a separate state of Andhra from the Madras Constituency ? Did he armtwist the Indian Government back in the day into doing this ?
Will Quora reveal the identity of my anonymous answers if the Indian Government asks for it?	Anonymity on Quora; India; Quora (product); Quora; Anonymity; Quora Community; 	
Why did the Indian Government choose to pass the Right to Information Act?	India; 	Considering their reluctance to be held accountable and to pass the Lokpal Bill how and why did our political class pass RTI back in 2005?
I have not been paying attention to the fiscal cliff negotiations - can someone please explain to me what is going on and what I should expect to happen in the future?	Politics; 2013 U.S. Fiscal Cliff; 	
What have been the causes of the Eurozone crisis and what are the prospects for retaining the current number of members of the Euro zone without closer fiscal integration?	Eurozone Debt and Financial Crisis 2011-2013; Eurozone Debt; Government Debt; 	
What psychological disorder  might government  have, if government was a person?	Philosophy; Mental Illness; Psychological Governance; Mental Health; The Human Race and Condition; Philosophy of Mind; Politics; Political Philosophy; Diagnoses; Government; Human Behavior; Psychology; 	Psychologically asked profoundly as we can. What psychological disorder does government have, if government is a person? Welcoming abstract and real world interpretations of governance and disorder.
What is the best queue management system for .NET?	.NET; Message Queueing; 	
What is the formula for the net promoter score? How do you optimize it?	Net Promoter Score; Viral Growth and Analytics; 	
What are the best software licensing vendors for .NET applications?	.NET; 	The application is a tool for .NET developers that works in Visual Studio 2010. The licensing solution should not require an Internet connection to validate the license every time the application is run.
What is the best tool for deploying .NET applications?	AppHarbor; .NET; 	Consider areas such as ease of automation and transition from environment to environment (dev, test, stage, production).
What term best describes the opposite of "net neutrality"?	The Internet; Business; Net Neutrality; 	
What are the most successful consumer-facing .net domains?	Domain Names; 	Trying to assess how viable a .net domain name is
What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 20-year-old?	Net Worth; Wealth; 	
What web startups use .NET technologies?	Engineering in Silicon Valley; .NET; Startups; 	Specifically startups that use .NET to power web-based applications.  This is a follow-up question to What startups use .NET technologies? [ http://www.quora.com/What-startups-use-NET-technologies ].
What is the net meeting alternative for Windows 7?	Windows 7; Microsoft Windows; Windows Software; 	Seems Microsoft stopped shipping Net meeting with Windows 7. What's the alternative?
What are some good resources to learn .NET programming?	.NET; Programming Languages; 	
What are the advantages and disadvantages integrating WordPress and .Net?	WordPress Plugins; .NET; WordPress; 	I'm a WordPress girl and have found myself working with a .Net technology firm.  The website needs to be able to scale, be SEO friendly, and connect to some .Net functionality.  Is this possible?  Any cautions or advice?
What is the best discount and deals site on the net? Why?	Discount Sites; Discount Deals; Group Buying and Daily Deal Startups; 	
What you think about .NET only technology stack for Startup (and MVP)?	Lean Startups; Bootstrapping (companies); Technology Trends; Entrepreneurship; Startups; Startup Advice and Strategy; Microsoft; C# (programming language); Chief Technology Officers; 	What should be the main concern? is it cost? is it scalability ? is it performance? is it all of them? I know Microsoft technologies only and can make an MVP quickly in that w.r.t learning technologies and tools new to me
What are the top three .NET CMSes with thriving communities?	.NET; Content Management Systems (CMS); 	I am looking for a .net cms that has a thriving community, what are the top 3.
What is a good website that explains net neutrality?	Net Neutrality; 	
What are the best car-buying sites on the net?	Lead Generation; Buying Cars; Cars and Automobiles; 	I am looking for automotive lead-generation models
What's the best book for an intermediate developer to learn .NET?	Computer Programming; .NET; 	I've got experience with Ruby, RoR, and PHP. Looking to pick up some more experience for some work projects.
What percentage of one's net income should they save each year?	401(k); Saving Money; Personal Finance; 	I seem to find 10-15% of one's net income as the standard, however should 401K contributions be included as well in the calculation?  Would it be best to have more liquid cash on hand as opposed to completely saving towards a 401K?  Would a ratio of 50% total savings towards liquid cash and 50% total savings towards 401K be prudent?
What is the best .NET Application Server Monitoring Tool?	Web Development; Systems Engineering; Web Application Frameworks; System Administration; ASP.NET; Information and Communications Technology (ICT); .NET; Server Monitoring; 	Looking for something of similar capability as Fusion Reactor (http://www.fusion-reactor.com/fr/) with the ability to see what is literally happening inside the CLR / runtime.
What is the current net worth of the Catholic Church?	Catholics; How Much Is X Worth?; Net Worth; Catholicism; Religion; 	Some would say it is incalculable due to the sheer amount of hard-to-value assets like artwork and historical artificacts, but perhaps an estimate of the order of magnitude could be made?
What is annual revenue and net income of Heroku?	Heroku; Private Company Revenues; 	
What is the net present value of the planet Mars?	Mars (planet); Valuations; Curiosity Lands on Mars (August 2012); 	Given that the planet Mars was auctioned away tomorrow, how much could you bid and still run a profit on it in the long run?
What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 30-year-old?	Net Worth; High Net Worth Individuals; Wealth; 	This is a follow-up question to What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 20-year-old? [ http://www.quora.com/What-would-be-considered-a-high-net-worth-for-a-20-year-old ].
What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 40-year-old?	Wealth; Net Worth; 	This is a follow-up question to What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 30-year-old? [ http://www.quora.com/What-would-be-considered-a-high-net-worth-for-a-30-year-old ].
What is the best library to generate QR codes in .NET?	QR Codes; .NET; 	
What are good ways to improve .NET programming skills?	Self-Improvement; ASP.NET; Computer Programming; C# (programming language); .NET; Software Engineering; Learning to Program; Skills; 	
What's a good and cheap VideoConferencing API for .NET?	Video Conferencing; APIs; Streaming Content; Streaming Video; Computer Programming; 	We're looking for an API supporting MPEG4 or H264 streaming, bandwidth throttling, and software echo cancelling. (Like nefsis, but cheaper, or open.)
What companies have a net-positive impact on the environment?	Corporate Social Responsibility; Sustainability; 	Can you think of any companies that have turned their impact into a positive one?
What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 50-year-old?	Net Worth; Wealth; 	This is a follow-up question to What would be considered a "high" net worth for a 40-year-old? [ http://www.quora.com/What-would-be-considered-a-high-net-worth-for-a-40-year-old ].
What is the best way to learn .NET (for beginner)?	Microsoft; 	
What are some of the latest trends on the net to follow on Raspberry Pi?	Raspberry Pi; 	
What would you think of a startup if it had a .NET domain extension, instead of .COM?	Domain Names; Top-Level Domains; 	Would the brand value diminish if I did not have the .COM domain name ?
What is the reason Microsoft .NET framework is going down in usage?	Microsoft; .NET; ASP.NET; 	From some third party trends like BuiltWith, I have concluded that other big companies like Google and other giants along with open source are able to contain Micorosft .net platform of its popularity. Same way technically its a static language. With few frameworks in web as compared with PHP. Same way have less apps than Android for WP. ""SO where .net looks itself in next five years. "
What are the pros and cons of using .NET for your startup?	.NET; Startups; 	I'm a product manager that is considering a position at a newly formed startup that has chosen .NET as its technology of choice for a consumer product/server?  What problems can I expect to run into?  Relevant article from RWW: http://www.readwriteweb.com/start/2010/07/picking-the-right-programming-language-for-your-startup.php
What is the approximate net worth of the investors on Shark Tank?	Mark Cuban; Kevin O'Leary; Shark Tank (TV series); 	Mark Cuban, Robert Herjavec, Kevin O'Leary, Barbara Corcoran, Kevin Harrington, Daymond John
What has the net impact of labor unions been on the United States?	Labor Unions; Ludwig von Mises; Milton Friedman (economist); Economics; Education Reform and Disruption; U.S. Politics; Macroeconomics; 	Labor unions have had a thorny history with the Left usually supporting them and the Right opposing them. Has the cumulative impact been good or bad? Why so?
What is the cause of this error with the Bayes Net Toolbox for Matlab?	MATLAB; Bayesian Inference; Debugging; Math Problems; Specific Debugging Question; Bayesian Networks; 	I 'm new in learning the Bayes Net Toolbox for Matlab.  I have tried this:   > N = 4;   > dag = zeros( N, N );   > C = 1; S = 2; R = 3; W = 4;   > dag( C, [R S] ) = 1;   > dag( R, W ) = 1;   > dag( S, W ) = 1;   >    > discrete_nodes = 1:N;   > node_sizes = 2*ones(1,N);  >    > onodes = [];   > bNet = mk_bnet( dag, node_sizes, 'discrete', discrete_nodes, 'observed', onodes  );   >    > bNet.CPD{C} = tabular_CPD( bNet, C, 'CPT', [0.5 0.5] );   > bNet.CPD{R} = tabular_CPD( bNet, R, 'CPT', [0.8 0.2 0.2 0.8 ] );   > bNet.CPD{S} = tabular_CPD( bNet, S, 'CPT', [0.5 0.9 0.5 0.1] );   > bNet.CPD{W} = tabular_CPD( bNet, W, 'CPT', [1 0.1 0.1 0.01 0 0.9 0.9 0.99 ] );   >    > engine = jtree_inf_engine( bNet);   >    > evidence = cell( 1,N );   > evidence{W} = 2;   >    > [engine, loglik] = enter_evidence( engine, evidence );   >    > marg = marginal_nodes( engine, S );   > marg.T   > p = marg.T(2)   but it can't work, and it print:  > ??? Error using ==> reshape To RESHAPE the number of elements must not change.   > Error in ==> myreshape at 10 T = reshape(T, sizes(:)');   > Error in ==> tabular_CPD.tabular_CPD at 90 CPD.CPT = myreshape(T, fam_sz);   > Error in ==> bnet at 19 bNet.CPD{R} = tabular_CPD( bNet, R, 'CPT', [0.8 0.2 0.2 0.8 ] );   Can you tell me why? Thank you.
What's a modern way of saying "surfing the net?	Internet Slang; The Internet; 	You know, when you're mindlessly browsing the web, looking at pictures of Facebook and then youtube videos, etc. etc.
What retail items have net margins of 15%-30%?	Retail; 	
What are some good online programming websites to practice for .NET?	Learning to Program; ASP.NET; C# (programming language); Programming Languages; Computer Programming; .NET; 	like www.codecademy.com/ :html js css       www.udacity.com : python
What is the total net worth of the Forbes 400?	Wealthy People and Families; Distribution of Wealth; Forbes 400; Wealth; Billionaires; Net Worth; 	See http://www.forbes.com/forbes-400/list/
###
What are some nice residential areas at 30-45 min driving distance from Gachibowli and, How much does it cost to rent a 2bhk flat there?	Best Places to Live; Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India; 	
What are the best cities/areas to rent a house with a group of 5  (+) do-good entrepreneur types that are within 30 min driving distance to San Francisco? 	San Francisco Bay Area; 	What are your personal reasons for thinking so?  Strong opinions and unusual answers are welcomed.  Are there any good reasons to live in South San Francisco, Hayward, Oakland, Burlingame or Pacifica? I know nothing about these places other than the fact that rents are lower.  Good things: affordable, views, nature (trees, water), access to freeways, and the usual (stuff to do, good people, shopping, gyms, restaurants, safe, tons of 5 stars on yelp, etc)
How much it costs to rent a 1BHK flat in Pune?	Real Estate India; Real Estate in Pune; University of Pune; Pune, Maharashtra, India; 	please name area and likely cost
How long should a webinar last? 30, 45 or 60 mins including Q&A?	Inbound Marketing; Webinars; 	
Toni Alenyar : How much does it cost to rent a flat in or near Cala Ratjata?	Direct Question; 	
How much would it cost to rent a car and drive from Belgium to Italy as a vacation?	Tourism; Travel Advice; International Travel; Travel; 	Fuel cost in that part of the world? Average rental car (2 people) cost? Is it even a good idea? What would you recommend as boarding options? AirBNB?
How much would it cost to rent a car in Las Vegas and drive to LA?	Rental Cars; Las Vegas; Cars and Automobiles; Los Angeles; Travel; 	Total cost including gas, etc.
Am looking to relocate in a few years to the Durango area. How much is the cost of living? What is average rent? How are the schools? Any info would be great!	Durango, CO; Relocation; 	
How much does it cost to rent a yacht?	Yachts; Rentals; 	
How much does it cost to fix a flat (leaking) tire?	Mechanics; Flat Tires; Tires; Auto Repair; Cars and Automobiles; 	Patch up a tire?
:)How much does it cost to build a flat panel tv	Sony (company); Television; 	For big companies like Sony, vizio, etc
How much does adsl flat connection cost in Canada?	Internet Service Providers; Communication; 	Can you give me a full list of ISPs? I mean average monthly fees. Am I limited with GBs I can download?
How much is the average rent in Luxembourg? And what is the cost of living there?	Luxembourg; 	
What are the best 45 min - 1.5 hour tv shows?	Television Series; 	ala Curb, something that I can watch and love but not get so sucked into that I don't do anything else until I watch all the other episodes
What are the best BBQ joints in or near (45 mins or less) Houston, TX?	Food in Houston, TX; Barbecue; Houston, TX; 	This is a follow-up question to What are the top 5 restaurants in Houston, TX? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-the-top-5-restaurants-in-Houston-TX ].
How much does it cost to rent an RV for Burning Man ?	Burning Man; Recreational Vehicles; Burning Man Tips, Hacks, & FAQ; 	For the whole week? For the weekend? My parents want to go.
How much does it cost to rent an apartment in Mexico City?	Real Estate; Mexico; Apartment Rentals; 	In a good area, preferably near the area where startups are working.
How much did it cost to rent a VHS of a movie in 1983?	Home Video and Movie Rental; VHS; Movies; How Much Does X Cost?; 	This is a follow up to VHS: How much did a VHS tape of Blade Runner cost in 1983? [ http://www.quora.com/VHS/How-much-did-a-VHS-tape-of-Blade-Runner-cost-in-1983 ]
How much does it cost to rent Disneyland for a day?	Disneyland; 	
How does a facebook post reach the person does it extend along time? One of my post reached around 45 people in an hour and the consecutive post reached 45 people in 10 mins, What is the theory behind this post?	Facebook Platform; Facebook Inc. (company); Facebook Engineering; Marketing on Facebook; Facebook; Facebook Pages; Facebook India; Facebook Ads; 	I have already read the Reverse Engineering Facebook EdgeRank - Beyond the Theory [ http://www.baekdal.com/analysis/reverse-engineering-facebook-edgerank-beyond-the-theory ] by Baekdal so i need a clear and precise answer that exactly explains the process behind this organic reach.
What is the best 30 min. fitness workout for a teenager?	Teenagers and Teenage Years; Health and Wellness; Fitness; Quick Workouts; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Workouts; 	I'm 17 years old and reasonably fit & healthy. I have a maximum of 30 minutes to spare per day. So list any workouts that will help me stay fit - and simultaneously, increase muscle mass and/or maintain a level of fitness.  For the last month, I've been following a laid back routine - 25 push-ups+sit-ups+crunches per day. I used to do close to 100, when I was preparing for my black-belt test, but I was pretty busy after that and fitness took a back seat...  Presently, I'm 5'8" (172.72 cm) and weigh 132 lb (60 kg). Is that healthy?  More info -  Energetic? - Yes, I can play Basketball for 3 hours and get reasonably tired. Positive/Confident? - Yup. I'm really enthusiastic and hard-working. Health issues? - Nope. Except for dust & rapid temperature change allergies. Other - I am vegetarian and eat healthy, home made food, usually. I sleep 7 hours a day. I exercise 15 minutes and play basketball, sometimes, for 60+ minutes. I'm pretty busy with college stuff and I've realised my old routine wasn't helping that much. My arms and legs feel weaker though, after stopping the black-belt routine. Maybe they're connected? How would I get back on track by doing a variety of exercises, but in 30 minutes?  Thanks!
What is a good 30 min workout for beginners?	Fitness; Exercise; 	A little cardio here, a little strength training there.. What advice would you give a beginner who has never set foot in a gym (willing to try) but wants to start a regular workout routine to get in shape?
About how much does it cost to get a flat paint job on a car?	Car Paint; Cars and Automobiles; 	
How much does it cost to transfer 1 TB a distance of 1 mile?	Data Transfer; Broadband; Data; 	In US Dollars. Assume that it is a straight shot over an optical fiber line.  Don't include cost of equipment upkeep, initial capital expenditure, etc. I'm looking for the raw cost of electricity used to transfer the data.
How much would gas cost to drive from SF to NY?	Fuels; New York City; Travel; San Francisco; Driving; Gasoline; 	The trip would be in a small-ish sedan?
How much does it cost to test drive a Tesla?	Tesla Motors Inc.; Tesla Roadster; 	Extra points for a history of cost over time. For example, at one point when Teslas were brand new, I heard a test drive cost $5,000.
How much do Fusion-io drives cost?	Computer Memory; Computer Storage Media; Fusion-io; 	
How much does it cost to rent a movie theater in San Francisco?	San Francisco; Movie Theatres in the Bay Area; Movie Theaters; 	I'd love to rent the Roxie in the Mission, but I'm open to other options.  Also, please specify cost based on auditorium size, and time/day, if variable.
How much would an average studio apartment cost to rent in Santa Monica?	Santa Monica, CA; Rentals; Apartment Rentals; Los Angeles; 	
How much it will cost to rent a small office in Dubai for a year?	Offices; United Arab Emirates (UAE); Dubai, United Arab Emirates; 	Start up cash flow, so something simple for 5 people maximum, standard offices requirements. offices can be shared, services, copier, etc.
How much does it cost per month to rent a small office in Hyderabad, India?	Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India; Startups in Hyderabad; 	Office would ideally include a desk and Internet connection. Thanks !
How much does it cost to rent store space in the Atlanta airport?	Price of Things; Atlanta, GA; Airports; Hartsfield Jackson; 	
How much does it cost to rent a meeting room at MaRS Discovery District?	MaRS Discovery District; University of Toronto; Toronto, ON; 	
How much does it cost to rent an IMAX camera? (per day/ week)	Film Cameras; IMAX; Movie Making; 	
How much does it cost to rent a bike all day in Virginia Beach?	Virginia; Renting (a home); 	And does it come with a bike lock, or do you have to provide your own?
How much does it cost to rent a 4 bedroom house in Silicon Valley?	Real Estate; Silicon Valley; Silicon Valley Housing and Residential Life; 	
On average, how much does it cost to rent electronic billboards by market?	Print Advertising; Marketing; Display Advertising; Billboards; Electronic Billboards; Advertising and Advertisements; Traditional Media Business; 	Los Angeles Market?  World Wide?  Obviously it varies, but Id be interested to hear about some personal experiences.
How much does a one bedroom condo on Toronto's Harborfront cost to rent?	Real Estate in Toronto; Toronto, ON; Condominiums; 	
Which bedroom concepts (with double beds) would you suggest for a 2BHK flat?	Survey Questions; Bedroom; Furniture; Beds and Mattresses; 	
How much does the hardware that facilitates autonomous driving cost and what will those costs look like in the future?	Autonomous Driving; Google Self-Driving Cars; Cars and Automobiles; 	
What's the most expensive residential area in India?	India; 	
What is the current per square feet cost of residential land in various areas of Bangalore?	Real Estate in Bangalore; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; 	
What's a nice, safe area of Silicon Valley to live for someone who likes to be within walking distance of the fun stuff?	San Jose, CA; 	My gf and I are moving to San Jose from the east coast to work and are looking for a good place to live. We enjoy going out to eat and having a good time but want to live some place within walking distance of these places. Any good suggestions for a nice, safe and fun area to live. I'm thinking downtown Mountain View (have only seen shitty apartments there), San Jose, or Campbell. Let me know your thoughts.
What is the cost of a new ~45 foot Swan yacht?	Yachts; Yachting; 	
How much would it cost to sit down and talk with Morgan Freeman for 30 minutes?	Morgan Freeman (actor); 	
Financial Advice: $96k salary, moving to Bay Area, how much should I pay for rent, should I rent a 1br or 2br (with a sublet)?	Personal Finance; 	Here's my situation: -single, no dependents -moving to Bay Area (near San Jose)  Monthly Income (pre tax): -$8000  Monthly Expenses Estimate (excluding rent): -$1000 restaurants/groceries -$1000 loan repayment -$600 phone/internet/gym/insurance/gas  How much should I spend on rent? I've narrowed it down to either a Studio/1-Bedroom or a two bedroom where I would sublet the second bedroom. Any advice about which one I should choose?  Also, any other advice about my general financial planning would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks!
How much more does a steel and glass residential apartment building cost to build than a concrete/brick structure?	Buildings; Real Estate; Construction; Civil Engineering; Residential Construction; 	As someone who vastly prefers to live in housing that offers maximal window space, I often wonder why all new urban residential complexes are not steel and glass so as to offer as much natural light and viewing area as possible.  I assume that it is because the construction method is substantially more expensive and buyer willingness to pay is not high enough to meet the price point that would be implied.  Does anyone know how much of a cost premium (e.g. 25% more expensive, or $ per square foot more, perhaps) is typically associated with a building of this type, relative to buildings like those typically seen in a major branded development that is more traditional construction with smaller windows, like Avalon, etc?
What's a reasonable rent for a one bed flat in Dublin?	Rent; Dublin, Ireland; 	
What's the best way to find a flat to rent in Milan?	Milan, Italy; Renting (a home); 	I'm moving to Milan from San Francisco for a year-long Master's starting September 2012. Milan seems to lack any comprehensive online listings. Any advice for someone hunting remotely?
What is the best way to rent a flat in New York?	Apartment Rentals; New York City; 	I'm looking for the best way to search for a flat in New York, both: remotely and physically being there. Have any suggestions?
What is the rent for a flat in Tbilissi? And could you tell me more about life in Tbilissi?	Survey Questions; Tbilisi, Georgia; 	I plan to work in Tbilissi as a freelance journalist in a few month. I still hesitate between Bakou and Tbilissi, so if you can give me arguments for Tbilissi...
How much does a family of three need as monthly expenses (rent, food,internet, insurance etc.) in Nice, France?	Expenses; Nice, France; France; 	
How much does it cost to live in London as a student? Rent, college classes, food cost, public transport...	London, UK; 	
What are some good ex-pat pubs in Hong Kong for the 30 to 45 crowd?	Hong Kong; 	
What car does Ashton Kutcher 's character drive on Two and a Half Men and how much does it cost?	Ashton Kutcher; Two and a Half Men (TV series); 	
How much would it cost to build an artificial mountain on top of flat land that would become a great ski resort?	Ski Resorts; Construction; Structural Engineering; Mountains; Skiing; Cost Estimates; 	This would be outdoors. It would be somewhere near a population center. Etc. How many acres would be needed? What would construction costs be like?
What are the best vacation places within driving distance of the San Francisco Bay Area ?	Bay Area Vacations; San Francisco Bay Area; 	
What's the best way to rent a car around the NYC area to drive out of state (VT) for a weekend?	New York City; Tourism; Rental Cars; 	Zipcar is good for just a few hours but for a full day they're expensive. Other sites like Hertz and Enterprise are much more expensive renting in NYC per day vs in NJ or out in Queens. What would be the best location to rent from that's still a reasonable distance from NYC?
How much does it cost to recover information from a crashed hard drive?	MacBook Pro; Hard Disk Drives (HDD); Data Recovery; 	From a MacBook Pro
How much do those huge drive-up ice-vending machines cost?	Vending Machines; Business; Ice; 	I looked into this a while back and got quoted $70K, but I'm guessing that's the stupid money price.  What price are people who actually do this for a living getting?
Why does it cost so much to rent office space in london?	London, UK; Leasing Office Space; Real Estate; 	
How does rent in NYC vary by areas?	Renting in New York City; Real Estate; New York City; 	I was just checking out some apartments (studios and 1 bedroom apartments) and I was shocked to find that in the Financial District you can find a pretty modern apartment for anywhere between $2300-$3,000 whereas to get that same kind of luxury apartment in Flatiron it would cost $5,000+.  Some of the apartments I checked out in the Flatiron district and Chelsea were quite small and ugly and they wanted $4k - $5K! I would rather go downtown.    Why is that? Is it because of the location?
What is the price of residential solar in the Bay Area?	Alternative Energy; Sustainable Technology; San Francisco Bay Area; 	Per watt, installed.
What are some promising residential (upcoming) areas in and around Chennai?	Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India; 	Considering infrastructure, access to amenities, traffic etc.? Please give your reasoning too.
What is the best way to purchase NYC residential real estate in order to rent it out?	New York City; Real Estate in New York City; Manhattan (NYC borough); Residential Real Estate; Real Estate; Real Estate Investing; Real Estate Agents; 	One of my family friends wants to purchase residential real estate in NYC (specifically Manhattan) for two reasons. First, he thinks he can still find some good deals in the city and wait for any potential property to appreciate in value. In the meantime, he wants to rent it out so he can generate cash on a monthly basis.   So the two questions are:  1. How to find the good real estate in NYC? Criteria include value, location, and quality.  2. What is the best methodology for renting the apartment out? Is there some sort of managed service that will take care of everything for x% of rental income? Or will he have to maintain the apartment himself?  Any thoughts would be appreciated.
How much it cost to move from  Los Angles to bay area?	Moving; 	
How much does it cost to raise a child in the SF Bay Area?	How Much Does X Cost?; Children; San Francisco Bay Area; Cost Of Living; Parenting; 	
How much would it cost to relocate a family of 4 from LA to the Bay Area (approximately)?	How Much Does X Cost?; San Francisco Bay Area; Moving; Los Angeles; Relocation; 	If my company is going to let a new hire expense relocation, what's the range of how much should I expect that to be?
How much does it cost to open and operate a yoga studio in an urban area?	Vinyasa Yoga; Yoga; Bikram Yoga; Teaching Yoga; 	
How much would it cost me to offer free wifi in about an area about 50m squared?	Wi-Fi; Internet Service Providers; 	
How much does it cost to build a new house in the Palo Alto area?	Real Estate; Construction; Residential Construction; Architecture; Palo Alto, CA; 	single family, 3bd, 2 bath, 1500-2000sqft what is the cost of the building materials, architect services and construction labor, not including the cost of the land  (an average estimate for a typical low-end suburban home in a 5 miles radius of Palo Alto)? 
How much does a real estate lawyer in the Bay Area usually cost? Do you have any recommendations?	San Francisco Bay Area; Survey Questions; Real Estate Law; Real Estate; 	I'm planning to buy the house I'm currently renting.
How much should it cost to reupholster a large couch in the metro NYC area?	Upholstered Furniture; New York City; How Much Does X Cost?; Where Can I Find X in New York City?; 	
How much does it cost to hire a full-time nanny in the Bay Area?	Nanny Share; Parenting; Infants; Babies; Nannies; 	Assuming that care for an infant is involved
How much do Sylvan after-school tutoring programs cost in the Bay Area?	San Francisco Bay Area; Sylvan Learning Center; Tutoring; 	
How much does it cost to become a taxi driver in the Bay Area?	Taxis; 	
What are Nearline SAS drives, and how do they differ in cost from SATA drives?	Data Storage; Hard Disk Drives (HDD); 	
How much should I have at age 30?	Self-Esteem; 	
How can I rent a flat in the Brunswick Centre, in Bloomsbury, London?	London, UK; 	And how much might I expect to pay?
How/where can we rent a flat for a week in Lisbon Portugal?	Lisbon; Portugal; 	We're staying for a week in Lisbon end of this month and would rather have a place where we can cook etc.
Is there a described GIS method for creating catchment areas based on nearest driving distance?	ArcGIS; Geographic Information Systems (GIS); Spatial Data; Maps; MapInfo; 	ie. a combination of Voronoi polygons with isochrones, so that the Voronoi polygons are based on driving distance instead of Euclidean distance.
Where do you rent large displays for trade shows and conferences, and how much should a one-day rental cost?	Trade Shows; Marketing; Conferences and Conventions; Product Marketing; 	
How much does it cost to rent a 500 sq foot office in Rio de Janeiro?	Real Estate; Rio de Janeiro; 	I'd like a range of costs - by different parts of town.  Estimates are great!
How much would it cost to rent and live on a boat parked near Nariman Point in Bombay?	Boats; Houseboating and Houseboats; Yachts; Mumbai; 	My friend has recently gotten a job in Nariman Point. He hates to travel by road and the public transport in Mumbai can be scary for outsiders. I suggested that he rent a boat parked near Nariman Point, and stay in it. He can also take short trips to alibaug and nearby places. I think it would be an awesome life, and the only thing stopping him from going ahead with it is the cost of such an arrangement. Can anyone here help us understand the financial feasibility of this plan?
How much does it cost to rent out the AT&T ballpark in San Francisco for a music concert on a Saturday night?	AT&T Park; Venues; Real Estate; Sports Venues; 	E.g. for Paul McCartney's concert on 7/10/2010. 
How much does it cost and where can I rent a snow-making machine for a party around Los Angeles?	Snow Machines; Snow Making; Los Angeles; 	And does it work?  "Real" snow... not bubbles...
How much does it cost to rent a retail/event-type space near the conference center in Austin TX during SxSW?	Real Estate; Event Planning; SXSW; Austin, TX; 	For SxSW 2011, Sony rented a former bar on the corner of Trinity/Willie Nelson Blvd. AOL/TechCrunch rented a live/work on San Jacinto/5th St. Pure Volume took residence in an events space at Trinity/5th.  I'm wondering how much it costs to rent these kinds of places for the duration of SxSW?
How much does it cost to rent out a movie theater in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and San Francisco?	How Much Does X Cost?; New York City; Movie Theaters; Los Angeles; 	This would be for a new release.  Thank you!
What is Gachibowli (Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India) famous for?	Gachibowli, Hyderabad; Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India; 	
How much should I expect to spend on rent in the San Francisco SOMA area for a months stay?	SoMa (San Francisco neighborhood); Startups; 	I would like to visit the San Francisco SOMA area for a month to get a feel of the tech scene and if I like it or not. How much would I need to save for a months stay. It could be in a hotel or an apartment. Its just gonna be me traveling so a very simple 1 bedroom place that I could have to myself would be fine. Also is the SOMA area the best place to stay to meet other startup people?
As a real estate agent, would you be interested to know who in your area is looking to buy or rent? And if yes, how much would you pay for each lead?	Real Estate; Survey Questions; 	Is there room left in real estate industry for more disruption in lead generation?
What is COBRA and how much does it cost?	Medicine and Healthcare; Startups; Startup Compensation; Health Insurance; 	I have a high level understand but would like to understand what I need to do to elect COBRA, how long it would last, what criteria must be met, and what it might cost.
What are some fun things to do on weekday afternoons within 30 minutes of Mountain View with 45 co-workers ranging between 22 and 45 years old?	Mountain View, CA; San Francisco Bay Area; Things to Do in California; What Are Some Fun Things to Do In X; Cupertino, CA; Fun; Sunnyvale, CA; Silicon Valley; Peninsula (Bay Area); South Bay (San Francisco Bay Area); Palo Alto, CA; 	We're looking to do an offsite with our department and are looking for something fun to do nearby Mountain View, ideally not centered around food (though interactive food activities like Sushi making could work).
How much would a 30 GB drive on ReadyBoost help boost up speeds on a computer with 4 GB RAM?	Memory; Windows ReadyBoost; 	
Where is the best place to rent a 4x4 to drive from the Bay Area to Lake Tahoe?	Lake Tahoe; Driving Between SF/Bay Area & Lake Tahoe; 	
How long does it really take to prep and cook a Rachel Ray "30 min." recipe, including cleanup and washing dishes afterwards?	Food; Cooking; 	
How can I recite bhagwat gita by heart having 30 mins in morning and evening each day to spare?	The Bhagavad Gita; 	
What is the best way to find a flat to rent for the summer in Dhaka, Bangladesh?	Travel; Bangladesh; South East Asia; Housing; Rentals; 	
What is the best website to find a flat for rent in San Francisco?	San Francisco; 	I will move to San Francisco on June. Any advice about how to find a flat, I mean, not very expensive
What is low-cost, flat fee recruitment?	Startup Recruiting; 	Are there any low-cost recruitment solutions for startups, or something that charges a flat fee for recruitment?
How much does really nice packaging cost companies like Apple, Gucci and Louis Vuitton?	Package Design; Gucci; Apple Inc.; Louis Vuitton; Packaging and Containers; 	On a per item basis.
How much does a product placement (say, for Snapple) in a prime time show (say, 30 Rock) cost?	Product Placement; 	
How much does it cost to set up a 10,000 sq ft office with mid-range furniture for 30 people, for a series A company?	Office Locations; Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Manufacturing; Small Businesses; Office Equipment; Team Building; Lean Startups; Entrepreneurship; Beijing Startups; Startups; Real Estate; Small Business Advice ; Business Models; Commercial Real Estate; Business Strategy; Startup Advice and Strategy; Pivoting (business strategy); Offices; Startup Business Models; Human Resources; Startup Offices, Furniture, and Real Estate; Venture Capital; Furniture; 	Fridge in the kitchen? Conference table? Chairs? Desks? Ping pong table? All the other stuff?
How much should it cost to install Sharepoint Foundation on a networked Exchange server (30 users) including training for 2?	SharePoint; 	
The angles of depression of the top and the bottom of an 8 m tall building from the top of a multi storeyed building are 30' and 45' respectively. Find the height of the multi storeyed building and the distance between the two buildings?	Mathematics; 	
Intro Set Theory: A has 30 elements, B has 40 elements, their union has 45 elements. How many elements are in the intersection of A and B?	Teaching Mathematics; Set Theory; Mathematics; 	How many elements are in the intersection? Ths question was in the pre cal book I'm teaching out of, but we don't have an answer key. I keep getting 35, which is more than the elements in A. I'm probably having an off day, but can someone help me out?
What is a good distance for a 1 wood drive?	Golf; 	I have been learning golf for the past 3 weeks and am currently practising my 1 wood drive. I wanted to know what is a good distance to hit for someone who has been learning for 3 weeks.
How much harder is it to run uphill than on the flat?	Orienteering; Running; Exercise Physiology; 	For example in terms of energy depletion, metabolite accumulation and perception
How much higher would the horizon be if the world was flat (and infinite)?	Limits; Vision (eyesight); Geometry; Analysis (mathematical); 	
How easy is it to find an apartment with young (20-something) housemates in Kunming? How much (USD) does it cost to rent be in an apartment close to Yunnan University with housemates?	Kunming, Yunnan, China; China; 	I was recently accepted to Yunnan University for their year long Chinese language program (yay!). I'm not interested in living in a dorm. I wondering how easy it is to find apartments for rent near the university, preferably with 20 - 30 year old housemates. Additionally, I'd be interested in about how much (USD) it would cost to live near the university in a decent apartment with 1 - 2 housemates. Any insights into either of those questions, or to the process of procuring an apartment in Kunming is greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance!
How is Dubai divided i.e. where are the cultural/business/retail/residential areas?	United Arab Emirates (UAE); Cities and Metro Areas; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Urban Planning; Public Space; 	Links to the best resources that can help me to learn more about the city's make-up and residents would be very helpful
How do I stop/reverse the conversion of residential parking areas to metered parking in my neighborhood?	Urban Planning; 	More and more residential parking spots are converted to metered parking. It's getting really hard to find parking.
How long does it take to rent an apartment in the Bay Area?	San Francisco Bay Area; Rentals; 	Let's say you land at SFO on Day 1 and have not done any research.  How long does it take to a) find an apartment, b) negotiate terms, c) sign the papers, etc.  From Day 1, how many days will it take until I can move in?
What's the best technical skill I can learn in 30 to 45 days with which I can charge customers and make a living?	Freelancing; Business; Breaking Into Programming and Software Engineering; Learning; Entrepreneurship; Creative People and Artists; Self-Teaching; Online Education; 	I obviously won't become an expert in 45 days, but I'd only need to become expert enough to charge potential customers with a service or a product. Thoughts?
For a normal person who pays 30% of his salary on house rent, 20% on girlfriend, 30% on living, 10% on friends, and just saves 10% of the monthly salary, is it possible to buy a 3BHK flat in Bandra?	Housing; Culture of India; Housing Bubbles; India; Mumbai; Bandra; Needs to Be Clearer; Apartment Rentals; Indian People; 	
What was the impact of Google's IPO on the Bay Area's residential real estate?	Real Estate; Google; Silicon Valley; Facebook IPO; Silicon Valley Real Estate; Initial Public Offerings; 	
Over a 30 year period, is it generally cheaper to rent or to buy a house in the SF Bay Area?	Home Ownership; San Francisco Bay Area; Real Estate; Investing; Mortgages; 	Given the high price of housing in the area, it is not clear whether the price of rent exceeds that of mortgage interest, property taxes, and lack of flexibility.
How do I get enrolled (or get form) for swimming at Gachibowli Sports Complex?	Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India; Swimming Pools; Gachibowli, Hyderabad; Stadiums; 	What is the process to get admission for swimming coaching at swimming pool at Gachibowli  stadium.  What is the fee structure? Is there any coach? What are timings?
How much money will it cost to drive a rental car across the I-520 bridge into Seattle?	Driving; Rental Cars; Toll Roads; Seattle, WA; 	Let's get concrete -- suppose it's after December 2011 (so electronic tolling has started, http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/Tolling/520tolling.htm) and you've rented a car from Budget Rent A Car.  Will you pay Budget the Good To Go rate (http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/Tolling/TollRates.htm) plus an extra fee for using an optionally installed transponder? Or will you somehow pay by mail? Who will you pay and how much will it end up costing each time to cross the bridge into or from the city?
What is a good area to rent in Berkeley for a graduate student?	Berkeley, CA; University of California, Berkeley; 	
What are the best areas in Brooklyn to rent space for a startup?	Brooklyn; 	What are some of the Brooklyn areas and neighborhoods that existing startups have chosen?
What's the best budget cigar? How much does it cost?	Epicure; Men; Cigars; 	Thinking cigars for daily (or near daily) enjoyment that won't break the bank. I have a few that I like, but I'd love to hear your thoughts!
What EC2 competitors are there and how much do they cost?	Rackspace Cloud; Cloud Computing; Software Engineering; Pricing of Cloud Services; Linode; Amazon EC2; 	
What are the most popular eBook readers? How much do they cost?	eBook Readers; eBooks; 	
What's kapost business model, and how much does it cost?	How Does Company X Make Money?; Kapost; 	
How much time will "heavy snow" add to the drive to Tahoe from the Bay Area?	Driving Between SF/Bay Area & Lake Tahoe; Skiing in Lake Tahoe; Lake Tahoe; San Francisco Bay Area; 	To South Lake Tahoe [ http://www.quora.com/South-Lake-Tahoe ] via US highway 50.
How do you calculate how much Government cuts to Local Government settlements will cost each individual in that council's area?	UK Politics; Newsnight; UK Council Budgets; UK Local Government Settlement; Local Government; United Kingdom; Government; Local Government in the UK; 	Last week Newsnight compared the impact of cuts in Hackney and Dorset, and found Hackney lost out by £210/person while Dorset lost out by only £2.86/person. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12412098
What's a good way to rent a nice cabin for a weekend near Lake Tahoe?	Lake Tahoe; Skiing in Lake Tahoe; 	
What are the best and affordable places to live which are near Gachibowli and Madhapur, Hyderabad?	Best Places to Live; Affordable Housing; Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India; 	Me and my friends have recently got jobs fresh out of college and would like to know some affordable places which are near commute distance of both Gachibowli and Madhapur (Hi-Tech City).
What should I and my buddy know before we buy a multi-family residential building to successfully renovate and rent it out at a profit?	Real Estate Investing; 	
How does running speed over different distances on flat ground scale with body mass in a single individual?	Medicine and Healthcare; Running; Exercise Physiology; Human Physiology; Sports Science; Human Biology; 	Suppose I want to run distance X the fastest. What is the weight (achieved through training) at which I will run the fastest over distance X. It seems like oxygen capacity will not vary much at all with weight, so for distance running perhaps there is a balance between having enough muscle to use the oxygen and the extra cost of carry such muscle. For sprinting I imagine there is a different balance since muscle cells can hold much of their own fuel for short distances.
At about $105k/year salary + bonus in the Bay Area, how much can I typically have for myself at the end of the year (i.e. after deducting taxes, living cost, commute cost)?	San Francisco Bay Area; Student Loans and Debt; Silicon Valley; 	I am currently in college and starting my job in July 2012. I just wanted to know this to get a rough idea of the time frame in which I can pay off my education loans.
How much 2000 sq feet and plus bungalow or row house will cost in different areas in Pune?	Real Estate in Pune; Real Estate; Pune, Maharashtra, India; 	
How much work and cost is involved in clearing an acre of land of trees and brush in the San Francisco Bay Area?	Landscaping; 	And landscaping it into a mostly-lawn?
Where is the best place to do vision correction surgery in Bay Area, and how much it is going to cost?	San Francisco Bay Area; Surgery; Medicine and Healthcare; Eyes; 	
How much would it cost to build a 250 meter outdoor velodrome in the San Francisco Bay Area?	Cycling; 	There's one in San Jose, but it's quite the commute. It's also fairly large compared to the regulation 250 meter length with shallow bankings.
How much does KISSmetrics cost?	KISSmetrics; Web Analytics; 	
How much does it cost to own a car?	Buying Cars; Personal Finance; 	Given, obviously, that buying the car and miles driven are huge variable. But in a somewhat generalizable way, what are the costs of owning a car? X for insurance, Y for gas, etc etc.
How much does Invisalign cost?	Dentistry; Dental Health and Hygiene; Invisalign; Orthodontics; 	Is the cost typically set by the number of aligners needed or for a whole treatment plan? How much for each set of aligners or each month of treatment?
How much does an echocardiogram cost?	How Much Does X Cost?; Medical Imaging; Heart Disease; Health Insurance; Cardiology; Medicine and Healthcare; 	
How much does Spredfast cost?	Social Media Marketing; 	Per month.
How much does socialflow cost?	Needs to Be Clearer; 	
How much does virtue cost?	Philosophy; 	Per month
How much does a stethoscope cost?	Medicine and Healthcare; 	
How much does SPSS cost?	SPSS; 	I would like to know how much the SPSS statistical analysis software package costs and have come across several different answers.  Any ideas?
How much does a Segway cost?	Segway; Money; Transportation; 	
How much do braces cost?	Orthodontics; Dental Health and Hygiene; Cost Of Living; FreySmiles Orthodontics; Braces; Teeth; Dentistry; 	How much do corrective orthodontic procedures cost? Specifically braces and similar solutions.
How much does Splunk cost?	Splunk; 	
How much does a sheep cost?	Sheep; How Much Does X Cost?; 	Let's say it's a typical sheep being auctioned in a typical place for finding sheep (New Zealand?). A range is fine. Different numbers for rams/ewes/wethers are fine too, assuming that that sort of thing makes a difference. I'm just interested in purchase price, not ongoing expenses for maintenance.
How much does HubSpot cost?	HubSpot (product); How Much Does X Cost?; 	
How much does gold cost?	Gold; 	
How much does a recruiter cost?	Recruiting; 	I just wondered roughly how much it would cost to get a recruiter in to hire a new employee.
How much does a colonoscopy cost?	Medical Procedures; Colonoscopy; How Much Does X Cost?; Medical and Healthcare Costs; Preventive Medicine; 	
How much does Yammer cost?	Yammer; 	What's the base cost, and premium level cost for Yammer?
How much does a missile cost?	U.S. Army; Guns and Firearms; Military; Missiles; Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles; 	Given all the different varieties, what's the average price of a missile?
How much does jobvite cost?	Jobvite; 	Can anyone provide any pricing information for Jobvite? This looks like potentially a great product, but they seem to require interacting with a sales rep to get pricing.
How much does Simplifilm cost?	Advertisement or Self-Promotional Question; Explainer Video; Demo Videos; 	
How much do exceptions cost?	C++ (programming language); Needs to Be Clearer; Python (programming language); Java (programming language); Programming Languages; 	
How much does cocaine cost?	Cocaine; Illegal and Illicit Activities; Recreational Drugs; 	How does it vary by geography and by quality?
How much does obsidian cost?	Obsidian; How Much Does X Cost?; 	
How much would packaging cost?	Graphic Design; 	WE are doing a graphic design and our job was to go and find the cost of high middle and low end packaging our product was cheese
How much does firewood cost?	Self-Sufficiency; Energy; Firewood; Heating; 	Prices in places in the world. Urban prices, rural prices, by the truckload or armful, type of wood.
How much does bread cost?	Cost Of Living; How Much Does X Cost?; Food; 	Price for 1kg (2lb) plain (usually white) bread, of the standard form in that country (eg loaf in UK).
How much does a Cineflex cost?	Cineflex; 	
How much do tattoos cost?	Tattoos; How Much Does X Cost?; 	
How much does an abortion cost?	Medicine and Healthcare; How Much Does X Cost?; Abortion; 	
How much does Memopal cost?	How Much Does X Cost?; Memopal; 	
How much does a goat cost?	Goats; Bangladesh; 	especially in Bangladesh
How much does Asana cost?	Asana; 	
How much should vodka cost?	Drinking (alcohol); Economics; Vodka; Alcohol; What Should X Cost?; 	I am always baffled when I see questions like "Why is X so expensive?" - what should X cost?    This is a follow-up question to Why is vodka so expensive? [ http://www.quora.com/Why-is-vodka-so-expensive ].
How much does a zeppelin cost?	How Much Does X Cost?; Airships; Dirigibles; 	Airship/dirigible etc. for personal use.
How much does chrono24.co cost?	Domain Names; How Much Does X Cost?; .co (TLD); 	
How much does HammerKit cost?	Web Development; 	
Is it possible to garnish someone's wages if they are not paying rent (residential)?	Landlords; Legal Issues; Housing; Real Estate; Landlord-Tenant Law; Residential Real Estate; 	What steps are necessary to lawfully garnish someone's wages?
How much does Netflix pay to rent a dvd?	Netflix; 	I understand that for it's streaming content, Netflix pays a blanket fee to large providers which grants them licences to provide it to their subscribers.  What model does it use for it's physical DVD's?  Do they buy each DVD at a premium price to rent them or do they also pay some sort of blanket fee to content providers?
How much cheaper is rent in a murder house?	Rent; 	Houses that have had people murdered in them are harder to rent out which means rent needs to be reduced to find renters. What's the typical murder penalty on rent?
How much is rent for a million-dollar home in Vancouver?	Vancouver, BC; Renting (a home); Housing Prices; 	
How much should I save to rent an apartment in New York?	Real Estate in New York City; New York City; Apartment Rentals; Rentals; 	I'm moving to the US and have no credit score. So how much should I save in order to rent an apartment (e.g. for security deposit, broker fee, etc)?
How much annual revenue does Rent The Runway make?	Fashion and Style; Venture Capital; Rent the Runway; Consumer Internet; Startup and Private Valuations; E-Commerce; Major Internet Companies; Valuations; Startups; 	Just curious to know - Is Rent The Runway really successful?
How can I create a formula for the following growth: 0, 3, 9, 18, 30, 45, 63, 84, 108, 135, 165, 198?	Math Problems; Mathematics; 	Every number represents a month... So Month 1 = 0, Month 2 = 3, Month 3 = 9...  Each month I am selling an additional 5 units and want to be able to see how my total revenue grows over x months.  So a total of 5 units in month 1 with no rental revenue (because they haven't been installed for a whole month) then 10 units total in month 2 with rental revenue for 5 of them. Then 15 units total in month 3 with rental revenue for 10 of them along with the revenue from the previous month.  I can easily calculate it month by month but I want to be able to just plug a number (x month) into a formula and get an answer.  Rental revenue is 0.6 per unit.
What is the average cost for a 30 second radio ad?	Radio Advertising; Advertising and Advertisements; Radio; Marketing; 	I know it varies greatly based on how big the DMA is, but if I am a new advertiser and want to run a 30 second radio ad on 1 station, how much is that going to cost me? I assume it's at least $5000 or $10,000 but I really don't know.
What is a nice Hindi-speaking area with startups?	Startups in India; India; 	Hi Quora, I'm applying for a Fulbright scholarship to India and I'm trying to decide which geographical place I should plan on.   I have a handful of considerations: - I'm interested in studying software startups / software education. - I speak intermediate Hindi, and I'd really like to be able to practice! - My parents want me to 'live on the edge' as little as possible... i.e. I should try to opt for somewhere as clean and safe as possible. - I have to affiliate with a university, so a good one would be nice :)  Do you guys have any thoughts? I'm stumped! When I look at a place like Bangalore, clearly it has a great reputation for most of those things but I'm worried I won't be able to practice Hindi. I thought about Gurgaon, but reviews on the safety  seemed to be mixed.  Thanks so much!
What's a nice but affordable Italian restaurant in the Bay Area?	Food and Restaurants in Palo Alto; Restaurants in San Francisco; Restaurants in South Bay (San Francisco Bay Area); 	I'd like to take my girl friend to a nice, dress-up Italian restaurant in the Bay Area for our anniversary. I live near Palo Alto but am willing to go up to San Francisco. Something affordable (ie $10-25 entrees) would be nice.
What are some of the nicest or most beautiful gardens in the Bay Area?	What Should I Do When I Travel to X?; Tourism; South Bay (San Francisco Bay Area); Gardens; Travel; Sightseeing; San Francisco Bay Area; Flowers; 	
What is the nicest neighborhood in the Palo Alto area?	Palo Alto, CA; 	
What are some average prices of a 3 BHK flat in different areas of Pune?	Real Estate in India; Aundh; Startups in Pune; Real Estate India; Pune, Maharashtra, India; 	From the most expensive area to the least expensive area (Not really looking at the 'heart of the city' kind of places though, which must be really super expensive)
What troubles arise from having a flat roof in a high-precipitation area?	Residential Construction; Civil Engineering; Rooftops; Construction Contractors; Architecture; 	A-frame roofs are designed to let snow and rain drain safely without weighing down the roof. What bad things happen to a flat roof in an area with a lot of snow or rain?
The circular flat roof of a tower has a diameter of 28 feet what is the area of this roof?	Mathematics; 	
What residential neighborhoods are within a 30 minute commute of the Clift Hotel in San Francisco?	San Francisco; 	
What kind or real estate investor would use a 15 Year Note instead of a 30 Year Note to purchase a residential property?	Real Estate; Investing; 	
How much more dangerous is it to drive a motorcycle than to drive a car?	Safety; Cars and Automobiles; Motorcycle Safety; Motorcycles and Motorcycling; 	
What are some useful approaches to deciding whether to schedule a job candidate's interviews for 30, 45, or 60 minutes in duration amongst a series of interviewers?	Job Interviews; Recruiting; Hiring; Scheduling; 	For instance, the job candidate needs to meet with 4 interviewers, some of whom would be potential team members, and one is the hiring manager. They each have varying interests in who is hired and also they each have varying degrees of busy schedules. The easiest thing would be to schedule 30 minutes for each team member and then end it with 60 minutes for the hiring manager.  But what if 30 minutes is too short for a thorough enough interview? What if an interviewer doesn't need all of 60 minutes?  45 minutes is nice amount of time for an interview, but it then slices into people's calendars of other 30 or 60 minute appointments.  I'm wondering if any recruiters, recruiting coordinators, office managers, receptionists, hiring managers, or even job seekers, have useful ideas to approach this. I've been doing recruiting for many years and it seems there's only so much that can be done with this scheduling issue.
Would people play a PC/Mac RPG that only lasted 30 mins?	RPGs (video games); Video Games; 	Imagine a short rpg that let you go from start to finish in just 30 mins. Perhaps in flash or some other web technology.
Does KFC  give free home delivery if not delivered with 30 mins?	Food; Restaurants; Kentucky Fried Chicken; 	
Are there significant health benefits of eating 30g of protein within 30 min of waking?	Health and Wellness; Protein (nutrition); Medicine and Healthcare; Healthy Living; Breakfast; Nutrition; Food; Healthy Eating; 	
What are the best ways to find a 2-3 bedroom flat in San Francisco with 1-2 housemates at around $3000/month in rent?	San Francisco; 	Looking for 2-3 bedrooms at ~$3000 rent. Location preference is east of Van Ness and north of California, though we're open to Marina / Pac Heights as well.
What is the furthest distance that can be driven across one US state?	Travel; States; The United States of America; Approximate Distance; Driving; 	Assuming one took the most efficient route between two points.
What are the best ski resorts within a reasonable driving distance from San Francisco?	California; Skiing; San Francisco; 	
What are the best cities in which to do some sightseeing within driving distance of Rimini, Italy?	Tourism; Rimini, Italy; Travel and Tourism in Europe; Vacations; Italy; 	I will have about a week to travel and intend to see 2 or 3 places.  I will be starting in Rimini, but should have access to a car and am willing to drive a few hours in any direction.
What are some great vacation spots within driving distance from Seattle?	Pacific Northwest; Seattle, WA; Travel Advice; Travel and Tourism in Seattle; 	I'm aware of the big cities such as Portland, Vancouver etc. Please feel free to suggest any hidden gems, scenic/picturesque getaways.
What is the smallest change you could make to a driver that would have the biggest impact on the distance you could drive a ball?	Golf; 	Composition?  Length?  Structure?  Disregard the PGA's specifications.  If you had to create a driver from scratch that could drive a ball as far as possible, how would you do it?
What are the best ski resorts within driving distance from Boston?	Boston; Skiing; 	Specifically looking for places with good snow and good terrain for advanced and intermediate skiers
What vegetarian or vegan restaurants are there within driving distance of Princeton?	Princeton University; Vegetarian Food; Veganism; Restaurant Recommendations; 	Vegan, vegetarian, or veg-friendly suggestions would be welcome.
What is the maximum distance you would drive for a good deal on a used vehicle?	Automotive Industry; Survey Questions; 	
What are some vacation spots within driving distance of New York or Los Angeles?	Travel; Recommendations; Travel and Tourism in the United States; 	I'm especially interested in a spot that has natural beauty and won't break the bank, and extremely specific recommendations, like Bed and Breakfasts or vacation rentals are welcome.
Why is it so complicated to find a flat in Stockholm that you can rent?	Stockholm, Sweden; 	I've been living here for almost three years now. I have seen how people suffer trying to find a place to rent. Some end up renting out rooms to other people. Others end up living far away from the city. And most people end up paying huge amounts of money just to get something for more than three months.
How much should someone have saved up by the time they are 30?	Money; Personal Finance; Life Advice; Saving Money; Money Management; 	I have a relatively low salary by western standards, but I am still able to save a decent amount every month. Many of my friends the same age - or older - manage to spend it all. I'm wondering how much a 30 year old should have in the bank or elsewhere to feel secure.
Where are some nice places to play in the snow within 4 hours driving of the Bay Area?	Play; Santa Cruz, CA; San Francisco Bay Area; Vacations; Ski Resorts; Snow; Travel; 	
How much does personalization drive sales?	Social E-Commerce; E-Commerce; Personalization; Mobile Commerce; E-Commerce Analytics; 	"Personalization technology enables the dynamic insertion, customization or suggestion of content in any format that is relevant to the individual user, based on the user’s implicit behavior, preferences, and explicitly given details."  Personalization is said to be an up and coming trend for retailers in 2013.  Does anyone have any proof, studies or personal experience to back this up?
How much does proximity drive loyalty?	Loyalty; Brand Loyalty; 	How much is one willing to go out of their way to get the product or service they desire? Will someone change brand loyalty based on how easy it is to get the product/service they want? For example, if someone is a Starbucks loyalist and they move to a location where there is a Coffee Bean on the corner and the closest Starbucks is a mile away, will that person change loyalty to Coffee Bean? What is the tipping point of when they will change? What are the factors that contribute to this?
How much "driving" do subway operators do?	Subways; Civil Engineering; Transportation; Public Transit; Trains (transportation service); Driving; Travel; 	Train rides can feel so different from each other. I have a regular morning train that can be so jerky but when I take the same route at other times, it feels smoother.
I am new to the Bay Area. How should I go about finding an apartment to rent in Palo Alto?	Palo Alto, CA; Real Estate in Palo Alto; Renting (a home); 	
What is the best company to rent a luxury car to drive from LA to Vegas?	Rental Cars; Los Angeles; Las Vegas; 	I'm travelling to the LA next year and I want to drive to Vegas in a Porsche or something. Which rental company should I talk to?
What are the safest vehicles to rent for driving on badly-plowed icy mountain roads?	Rental Cars; Snow; Safety; Snow Patrol (band); Mud & Snow Rated Tires; Cars and Automobiles; 	
How do I register any website in India? What is the process and how much does it cost?	Domain Registrars; India; Buying Domain Names; 	
I just turned 18, and just started a min. wage job- what are some ways to get very cheap rent? Could I apply for low-income housing? Ideas? Please help, thanks!	Money; Housing; 	Ideally not too long a process..
How is the drive from the Bay Area to Seattle in late March?	Weather; Road Trips; 	I'm thinking of taking a road trip driving from the Bay Area to Seattle in late March. I can readily find historical weather data for any given place but what I haven't been able to figure out is the chance for snow or other nasty weather anywhere along I-5 *and* the must-see destinations along the way.  Thanks in advance for any advice :)
Since June, I've increased my running distance from 1.5 miles to 2 miles and from a 13 min pace to a 9 min mile in Vibrams. Is this a good effort?	Exercise; Running; Vibram Shoes; 	
What technologies and capabilities can one find in cars that are fun to drive and how much do they impact the driving experience?	Technology; Cars and Automobiles; Driving; 	
Paul Oram : Hi Paul, nice to see you!   In your opinion, How much would it cost (euros) to create a medium sized social network platform in internet? I mean, programming + hosting, the less expensive...  Thanks	Direct Question; 	
My girlfriend says that I am too nice and I should not give so much importance to her. What should I do?	Dating Advice; Dating and Relationships; 	She is otherwise a perfectly nice girl (Not a masochist or anything ;) ) and I have only recently started going out with her. She says she likes me a lot, but says strictly no to any gifts and would prefer if we go dutch while we are on dates. I don't think she really means it, and I believe she is trying to hint at something else. Should I be a little more indifferent to her?  She is still in college, while I am working, so I think it is fair for me to pay.  P.S - I am from India to give cultural context, if that helps.
How much would weekly maid service in the San Francisco or Palo Alto / Mountain View area cost? Where can I find such services?	Palo Alto, CA; Mountain View, CA; San Francisco Bay Area; San Francisco; Maids; 	For a studio or one-bedroom apartment.
What would it cost and where could I rent an iPad for two to three months?	Rentals; Cheapskates (people, aka bargain-hunters); iPad; Apple Inc.; 	I need an iPad soon for a school project as well as some business travel, but I don't want to buy one right now, expecting that the iPad 2 is coming "soon".  Sounds like a good time to rent, but from where and what will it set me back?
What is a reasonable cost of rent for graduate students living in Baltimore?	Renting (a home); Baltimore; Cost Of Living; Apartment Rentals; Graduate School; 	Assume that you have minimal disposable income before factoring in the student loan package, have no major debt that requires to be paid off during school, and are maxing out on student loans for tuition and living expenses.
How much does marijuana cost in California?	Pricing; 	How does it vary by geography and by quality?
How much should an MP3 album cost?	iTunes; Music Industry; Amazon; MP3 Trends; 	Most albums are around $9, with single songs priced at $1.  Amazon has been experimenting with $5 albums, including big releases from bands like The Black-Eyed Peas.  What is a reasonable price to charge? Is flat pricing reasonable (do all songs have equal value)?
How much does direct mail cost?	Direct Marketing; U.S. Postal Service; Direct Mail; 	
How much does a website for a startup cost?	Web Development; Entrepreneurship; Startup Finance; 	
How much does a Subway franchise cost?	Subway (sandwich chain); Franchising; 	Is it a single one time cost or are there ongoing franchise costs? Are there restrictions on where and how franchises are opened?
How much does a TEDx conference cost?	TEDx; 	Let's say I want to host a TEDx conference, how much would that set me back?
How much does a product video cost?	Marketing; Demo Videos; Viral Videos; Startups; 	A simple animated video with a background narrator talking about the functions, I already made the storyboards and most of the script.
How much do electronic signatures cost?	Information and Communications Technology (ICT); Technology; Information Security; 	This is a follow-up question to Technology: Are electronic signature services worth the monthly cost? [ http://www.quora.com/Technology/Are-electronic-signature-services-worth-the-monthly-cost ].
How much do most academic conferences cost?	Academic Conferences; Conferences and Conventions; How Much Does X Cost?; 	
How much does it cost to build your own house?	Civil Engineering; Residential Construction; 	If I have an empty lot of around 4000 Sq Ft. how much will be the approximate cost to build a house?
How much does it cost to advertise on inMobi?	InMobi; 	What's the minimum ad spend? Is it a PPC model? CPM model?
How much does a supercomputer cost to buy?	High Performance Computing; Computer Hardware; Computers; Cloud Computing; Supercomputers; 	Just wondering what prices they are right now, what kinds there are, and where can I get one? Plus, what are the running costs? I am aware of cloud computing and just wondering what's cheaper - owning or renting?
How much does it cost to build a website?	Web Development; Websites; Web Consultants; 	Like this website: http://www.boone-roosens.be/
How much did it cost to build Hipstamatic?	iOS App Store; Hipstamatic; iPhone Applications; Angel Investing; Mobile Application Development Services; 	Just the ballpark would be interesting.... $10k ? $1M ?
How much would it cost to invent immortality?	Costs; Immortality; Economics; 	
How much does it cost to be part of Desteni?	Equal Money System; Desteni; 	What are the initial costs?  How can one make money with Desteni?
How much does a vasectomy generally cost?	Vasectomies; Medical and Healthcare Costs; Costs; Medicine and Healthcare; 	
How much does it cost to run Wikipedia?	Wikipedia; 	
How much does it cost to attend SXSW?	SXSW; 	how much are ticket prices? Can you get day passes. How much were tickets in 2010?
How much does it cost to buy a cow?	Cows; 	
How much does it cost to advertise on Twitter?	Twitter; Social Media Marketing; Internet Advertising; Twitter Inc. (company); Web Marketing; Display Advertising; 	Twitter offers three types of advertising: Promoted Tweets, Promoted Trends and Promoted Accounts. I'm interested in any of the three, but have no idea how much of a minimum budget they are looking for to start. I'd like to get some idea before pitching it to my client.
How much does website localisation cost?	Web Development; Localization and Translation; 	What is the best method to determine a budget for the localisation and translation of a mid-scale B2B website?
How much does it cost to buy a horse?	Horses; Pets; 	For riding.  See also: Horse Ownership: What is the annual cost to own a horse? [ http://www.quora.com/Horse-Ownership/What-is-the-annual-cost-to-own-a-horse ]
How much does it cost to hire a band?	Music Industry; 	How much does it cost to hire a professional band to play for your private party? Would you contact the band's manager to arrange such a thing?  Do you have any guesses for how much a private performance from Yeasayer would cost?
How much does a lte basestation cost?	Basestations; Long Term Evolution (LTE); 	Of course dependqble on supplier (e.g. Huawei and ZTE) and volume what what is the "price window"?
How much does Phantom Flex cost?	Digital Cameras; 	
How much does Tableau Server cost?	Tableau; 	They don't list it on their website but I use Tableau Desktop and am thinking about adding Server for our company as we scale. I don't want to contact them for pricing because I know they will be obnoxious salespeople about it instead of just giving me a straight answer. I just want a ballpark so I know if I should even think about pitching it to my CEO.
How much does it cost to advertise on pandora?	Pandora Radio; 	
How much do infographics cost to make?	Infographics; 	
How much does it cost to save a life?	Death and Dying; Money; Ethics; Morals and Morality; Charities; 	How much would you need to donate to charity to have a high degree of confidence that your individual donation saved a life?  Which activities by which charities can save a life at the lowest cost?  I have seen a variety of numbers for different interventions.  For example:  providing malaria nets - just under $2,000 per life saved; or expanding immunization coverage in developing countries - $200 per life saved.    These numbers seem pretty low, are they believable?    Is it possible for me as an individual to save a life at such a low cost?
How much does a 409A valuation cost?	Valuations; 409A Valuations; Venture Capital; 	This is a follow-up question to Why get a 409A valuation?  [ http://www.quora.com/Why-get-a-409A-valuation ].
How much does an account on Hitwise cost?	Hitwise; Online Retail; Web Search; Business; 	
How much does it cost to patent something?	Business; 	
How much does it cost to own a car in Germany?	Cars and Automobiles; Buying Cars; Germany; Driving; 	A rough estimate of what expenses do you usually undergo when owning a car in Germany. Insurance, Car License and other extras that needs to be calculated.
How much does it cost to feed an elephant?	Zoos (Zoological Parks); Exotic Pets; Humor; Animals; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; 	My friend wants to rear an elephant as a pet in bangalore. He earns rs 50k a month (1000$ approx)
How much does advertising on a billboard cost?	Advertising and Advertisements; 	
How much do drum tuners cost?	Drums; 	
How much does it cost to investigate shoplifting?	Law Enforcement and the Police; Detectives; Crime; 	Not including costs of prosecution.
How much does it cost to open a bar?	Sports Bars; Bars in San Francisco; Bars; Dive Bars; Bartending; 	I was wondering how much it costs to open and maintain a bar.  Personal experiences would be great.
How much does travel insurance cost?	Travel Insurance; Travel; 	Can you buy it by the year or only by the trip? Is the cost related to the cost of the flights/hotel? What other factors affect travel insurance costs?
How much does it cost to trademark something?	United States Patent and Trademark Office; Trademarks; 	I'm developing a website that sells products and am wondering how much it costs to trademark the site? And what steps need to be taken to trademark it?
How much does a new roof cost?	Home Improvement; 	
How much do motorized blinds cost?	Blinds; Home Improvement; Window Treatments; Home Decor; 	I need to get some for my home and am trying to understand costs associated with material and installation. I have a 6x10 window and another 6x6 window that I need to cover.
How much do Hulu ads cost?	Internet Advertising; Hulu; Advertising and Advertisements; 	
How much would it cost to clone proposable.com?	Proposable; Intellectual Property; Shopping Search and Comparison; 	I think it's a great tool that I'm interested in starting with a pushing to serve a certain submarket...
How much does an inground pool cost?	Swimming Pools; 	
How much would it cost to create a country?	How Much Does X Cost?; Hypothetical Questions; Countries; 	If an individual or group of people desired to create a country (of small size), how much money would it take to do? What would be the involved costs of doing so? 
How much it costs to build a warehouse?	Commercial Construction; Construction; 	How much square meter building and how much is the average price retails Variables and details?
How much does Disqus VIP cost?	Web Services; Software-as-a-Service (SaaS); Disqus; Freemium; 	Disqus VIP is a feature for large publishers who want better integration, scalability, and analytics.  How much does it cost? http://disqus.com/vip/
How much do things cost at Ultra?	Miami; Music Festivals; Ultra Music Festival; 	Food, water, beer, etc.
How much does Rapleaf cost for a developer?	Rapleaf; 	
How much does the Apple iPad cost?	iPad; How Much Does X Cost?; 	
How much does heroin addiction cost?	Addiction; Recreational Drugs; Heroin; Illegal and Illicit Activities; 	My ex-roommate somehow managed to spend around $15,000 over three months developing a heroin addiction. How can you spend that much money on drugs unless you are dealing? He was not dealing as far as I could tell. I've never bought heroin so I don't even know how much an addict would spend in a given day.
How much do most pillows cost in the U.S.?	Furnishings; Furniture; Pillows; Beds and Mattresses; Bedding; 	
How much does it cost to be featured on MagicSolver?	iPhone Applications; Mobile Applications; Mobile App Business and Marketing; 	And how does it work ? Does the app submitted has to switch to free for a day or so (FAAD like ?) http://www.magicsolver.com
How much cost a Hasselblad 500cm?	Hasselblad; 	
How much does a will and trust cost?	Trusts; Estate Law and Wills; Legal Fees; Estate Planning; 	
How much does it cost to build a supercomputer?	Supercomputers; How Much Does X Cost?; 	In particular what sort of hardware costs, plus datacenter, plus people. Any ideas on on-going operation would be interesting too.
How much does Test&Target from Omniture cost?	Marketing Cloud (Adobe); A/B Testing; 	
How much does a new piano cost?	Pianos; Musical Instruments; Needs to Be Clearer; 	
How much does an online MBA cost?	Online Education; Startups and MBAs; Master of Business Administration; 	
How much does it cost to run a pizzeria?	How Much Does X Cost?; Pizza; 	What are the fixed costs (other than a lease)? What are the variable costs? What kind of volume do you have to do to break even?
How much does a grain of rice cost?	Rice (grain); How Much Does X Cost?; 	
How much does each plastic bag cost?	Sustainability; Plastic Bags; 	How much does the supermarket get them for..
How much does an MRI machine cost?	Magnetic Resonance Imaging; 	
How much does a smartphone cost in China?	Life in China; Expatriate Life in China; Smartphones; 	Cost of the phone and data plan in Beijing.
How much does the Internet cost to run?	The Internet; 	
How much does the average wedding cost?	Wedding Planning; Weddings; 	
How much does it cost to host Eurovision?	Eurovision Song Contest; 	
How much does it cost to learn a language?	Learning New Things; Language Acquisition; Living Abroad; Languages; 	For a male or female professional in the 25-45 age range given the number of options available. This excludes immersion learning experiences. When I say 'learn a language' I mean 'to get to a level of communicative competence where you can express your personality in the target language'. If anyone can allude to any personal experience and a time/energy factor that would be very interesting.
How much does it cost to send an email?	Email; Email Service Providers; Costs; Internet Infrastructure; Email Delivery; The Internet; 	A stamp, which can get a message to anywhere in the United States, costs 45 cents. How much does it cost to send an email? I'm not sure how it all works, but I'm guessing there are major server hubs across the U.S. that pass on emails and other data. I'd guess that these server hubs have some sort of contract with each other to send or receive X amount of data at Y price. That's just speculation - I don't really know anything about the infrastructure of the internet.   But, if you added up the costs associated with all of the data being moved around, and multiplied that by the total data of a text email (say 400 words or less, no images or other files), how much would it be? A thousandth of a cent?
How much does it cost to produce an audiobook?	Audiobooks; 	About how much money does Audible spend when they record, say, a typical science fiction audiobook? $10,000? $250,000? How much of that sum pays the voice actor, and what does the rest of the money go to?
How much does Context Optional Cost?	Context Optional; 	No info anywhere... Grrr...
How much does Cinebistro in Brookhaven cost?	Atlanta, GA; 	
How much does ERP software cost?	Software; Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP); 	
How much do AlchemyAPI plans cost?	Named Entity Recognition; AlchemyAPI; Information Extraction; 	Their site http://www.alchemyapi.com/products/ does not list any pricing information.
How much do Badgeville's services cost?	Badgeville; Loyalty Programs ; Game Mechanics; 	Badgeville is the Techcrunch Disrupt winner who specializes in helping website owners increase loyalty with action driven rewards and other game mechanics.
How much do new tires cost?	Tires; Cars and Automobiles; 	
How much does wine acreage cost?	Farming; Wine; 	Napa, Sonoma, Russian River Valley, and other areas and regions.  This is a follow-up question to Wine: How much land do you need to produce wine? [ http://www.quora.com/Wine/How-much-land-do-you-need-to-produce-wine ].
How much does it cost to design a logo?	Logo Design; 	Can you charge per hour? How do you make a budget?
How much does Appcelerator Titanium cost?	Software Engineering; 	I know it says that it's free and open-source, but I've seen vague comments around the internet that they charge once you've deployed your app. I've also seen suggestions that Titanium apps "phone home" with usage data to Appcelerator.
How much does it cost to advertise on spotify?	Internet Advertising; 	
How much does it cost to create personas?	Human Centered Design; User-Centered Design; Customer Experience; Personas; 	A bank going after a new market would like to create 4-6 user personas based on primary user / ethnographic research across 3 markets in the U.S,  Any thoughts on how much it would cost to do the research and create personas that could live on in the organization for 3+ years?  My estimate was ~150K - does this seem high, low, about right?
How much does Cloudera Manager cost?	Cloudera Manager; Apache Hadoop; Cloudera; 	There's a limited feature version that is free for less than 50 node clusters, but you apparently have to pay to use it on more nodes. http://www.cloudera.com/products-services/tools/
How much does it cost to translate a book?	Books; Localization and Translation; 	Specifically a book from English to Portuguese.  Any good translators?
How much do employees cost in Brazil?	Brazil; Business in Brazil; Startups in Brazil; Starting a Business in Brazil as a Foreigner; 	
How much does a facebook ad costs?	Facebook Ads; Internet Advertising; 	
How much does it cost to use a GDS?	GDS; Travel Agents; Sabre; Travel Startups and Companies; How Much Does X Cost?; Expedia; International Travel; Travelocity; Travel; Orbitz; 	Is there any minimal amount of tickets to be sold? Is it possible for small travel agency to use any of the main GDS (e.g. Amadeus, Sabre etc)?
How much does a Ferrari 360 cost?	Ferrari; Prices; Cars and Automobiles; 	
How much does a bicycle cost in USA?	San Francisco Bay Area; The United States of America; Cycling; 	I'm shifting to Bay Area for a job and I want to commute to my office riding on a bicycle. How much does a good bicycle cost? How easy or tough it is to buy a bicycle in Bay Area?  My office (in Mountain View) shall be around 5 KM from my home - so I'm not looking for very heavy duty, professional bicycles for racing.
How much do dental veneers cost?	Cosmetic Dentistry; Dentistry; Prosthodontics; 	Last week I ate shit and now my upper central incisors are chipped pretty badly.  Although the cosmetic aspect is desired, it is harder to eat now.  Could this justification get my insurance to cover veneers?
How much does it cost to assign DOIs?	Academic Journals; Scholarly Communication; Scholarly Websites; Academic Publishing; 	DOIs are persistent URLs commonly used to identify scholarly works - see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_object_identifier
How much does at home care cost?	Medicine and Healthcare; 	I need care for my parent at home, and am wondering what the cost/benefits are when compared to a nursing home or assisted living services.  How much does it typically cost (range)?  And what is the difference from state to state?
How much does an SMS cost for the operator?	T-Mobile; Sprint; Texting; Communications Services; Verizon; AT&T; 	
How much does it cost to advertise on TechCrunch?	TechCrunch; Internet Advertising; 	I would like to advertise on TC but I do not know how to do so and how much it costs.
How much does it cost to create a job?	Economics; Labor Economics; Innovation; 	How would you calculate the "efficiency" with which a corporation creates a job - revenue per employee, total operating costs / number of employees, ratio of funding to number of employees?
How much does it cost to buy a helicopter?	Helicopters; Civil Aviation; 	I need to find out about cheaper helicopter models, used helicopters prices and their reliability
How much do the cheapest planes cost?	Airplanes; Pricing; Air Travel; 	
How much would it cost to build a seastead?	Seasteading; Cost Estimates; 	
How much does a domain cost to a registrar?	Domain Registrars; 	
How much does a Jahreskarte cost in Munich?	Transportation; Public Transit; Munich, Germany; 	
How much does it cost to charge an iPhone?	Electronics; iPhone 4; Electricity; iPhone; Electrical Engineering; iPhone 4S; Utilities & Utility Bills; Energy; 	Based on average electricity charges in, say, California
How much does an fMRI machine cost?	Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging; How Much Does X Cost?; Magnetic Resonance Imaging; Neuroscience; 	
How much does ad copy cost?	Search Engine Marketing; Search Engine Optimization (SEO); 	We're considering contracting some ad copy for our site to help with SEO on sub-landing pages.
How much does it cost us be happy?	Happiness; Money; Sociology; 	http://wp.me/p1oBkJ-2l
How much does a hip replacement cost?	Medicine and Healthcare; Medical Devices; Hip Replacements; 	I'm interested at costs at any level. Cost to the insurer, hospital, consumer, etc.  All information is appreciated.
How much does an Hermes Birkin cost?	Fashion and Style; 	
How much does it cost to advertise on television?	Television Advertising; 	
How much does ZocDoc cost for the doctor?	ZocDoc; 	
How much do trademark attorneys cost?	Trademark Law; 	I've been reading up on trademark laws in the U.S. and I'm not sure whether I should go do the Standard Character Mark versus Special Form Mark so I was thinking whether I should go the safe route and hire an attorney to do this for me.   However, looking at United States Patent and Trademark Office website, it costs $275+ some fees  to file for a trademark for one classification of goods. Is it really worth it to hire an attorney in this case? How much do they usually charge for their services?
How much does Coremetrics Analytics cost?	Coremetrics; 	
How much does private security cost?	Security; 	How much does it cost to hire private security to protect someone 24/7 or in higher risk situations (like public appearances)?
How much does a smart meter cost?	Utilities & Utility Bills; 	Looking for a per unit cost for the type of electric meters that Utilities are using in Smart Grid deployments.
How much does a SharePoint license cost?	SharePoint; Pricing; 	Also, how would you estimate total cost to run and manage SharePoint inside the enterprise?
How much does growing cannabis cost?	Marijuana Legalization; Fertilizers; Horticulture; Gardening; Urban Gardening; Hydroponics; Growing Cannabis; 	What are the expenses?
How much does a goat cost in Calcutta?	Goats; Kolkata, West Bengal, India; 	
How much does a CEO coach cost?	CEO Coaching and Coaches; 	What are the price ranges?
How much do African Greys cost?	Pets; Parrots; 	
How much does an electric generator cost?	Event Planning; Parties; Electronics; Electricity; 	I need to rent a generator for a party next year so that the caterers can cook food, the musician can power his guitar, etc.  How much do these things typically cost for a day (what is the range)?
How much does an insulin pump cost?	Diabetes; Diabetes Treatment; Health and Wellness; 	
How much does it cost to be a member of BNI?	BNI International; BNI; 	Claims to be "the world's largest referral organization. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BNI_(organization)
How much does paralysis cost the economy?	Medicine and Healthcare; 	Is there any information about how large the treatment industry is for paralysis or how much it costs the economy?
How much does a typical wedding cost?	Life Advice; Weddings; Life; Wedding Planning; 	I want to know how much I should be saving for my wedding in a few years. If you have already been married, I would love to hear more about how much you paid for everything (feel free to estimate), where it was located, and how many people were invited. If you can add one or two pics of the location, even better!
How much do Christie Microtiles cost?	Display Technologies; 	
How much does each IPL team cost?	Cricket (sport); Indian Premier League (IPL); 	If I were to buy/invest in an IPL (Indian Premier League) team, how much would each of them be valued at. (Please cite references, if available)
Comcast: How much does DVR cost?	DVRs; Comcast; 	
How much does it cost to start Kitesurfing?	Kiteboarding; 	basic gear, boards, kites, wetsuits, a break down would be good.
How much does it cost to start a winery?	Wineries; How Much Does X Cost?; Winemaking; 	What's necessary? What do you need? A turn-key operation?
How much do iPads cost to make?	Apple Inc.; iPad; iPad 2; Costs; 	
How much does it cost to hire an actor?	Movies; Actors and Actresses; 	I'm looking in to hiring an actor for a (very) short instructional video. What are the going rates? Should I expect daily or hourly?
How much does Breadfruit cost on Oahu?	Breadfruit; How Much Does X Cost?; Oahu, HI; 	We have a breadfruit tree and people always asking to buy some. I want to know how much I should sell it for.
How much does Reach Cast cost?	Search Engine Optimization (SEO); ReachLocal; 	http://local.reachlocal.com/reachcast
How much does a tax accountant cost?	Accounting; Tax Accounting; Taxes; 	How much should one expect to pay to have a personal tax accountant to handle personal income taxes? Is it normally an hourly fee? What are the big drivers of larger cost?
How much does it cost to start a bakery?	Food; Bakeries; Restaurant Business; Small Businesses; Startups; 	I'm interested to find out average costs for starting up a small bakery/coffeeshop, including rent, interior buildout, utilities, inventory, etc.  (Assuming a metropolitan area like Seattle or LA.)  We have enough relatives with food service experience, where we wouldn't need outside employees (at least for a while).
How much does it cost to buy a star?	Consumer Reports; 	
How much did it cost to launch Facebook?	Facebook; 	I'm sure it's in the film somewhere, but what was the initial cost for launching Facebook? Would you mind providing a link to a credible source.
About how much would 18-crown-6 cost in bulk?	Chemical Engineering; Mass Production; Chemistry (physical science); Engineering; 	It looks like I can get 100 g from Acros for $240, but I'm interested in buying hundreds of kg.  (I'm doing a feasibility analysis for mass production of a system in which a small amount of 18-c-6 is one of the more expensive components.)
How much does a YouTube channel cost?	YouTube Channels; YouTube; 	
How much does a STATS license cost?	Real-time Data; STATS, Inc; Fantasy  Sports; Fantasy Baseball; Fantasy Football; Sports; 	Lets say for a fantasy sports website.
How much does a taxi cost in NYC?	Taxis; 	
How much Does Prize insurance cost?	Insurance; Probability; Financial Risk; Contests; Risk Management; 	For example to insure against someone hitting a hole-in-one and winning $10k, or picking a perfect March Madness bracket. How is it different for skills-based vs probability, are there limitations (no ex-football kickers for the field goal try) and so on?
How much does a Fisker Karma cost?	Fisker Automotive; 	
How much does a meal cost in Munich?	Munich, Germany; 	
How much does it cost to hire an illustrator?	Fine Art; Design; Business; Illustration; 	What factors determine how much this service would cost?
How much do mystery shoppers cost?	Retail; Marketing; Mystery Shopping; 	Assuming a restaurant wants to have weekly mystery shoppers visit its locations and complete a survey each time.
How much should it cost to manage wealth?	Wealth Management; 	This, of course, depends on how much there is to manage but let's use 10MM USD as an example. What should the cost be per annum for making sure it is well taken care of in terms of management, investment decision-making and administration?
How much does 3G cost in Beijing?	Beijing; 3G; 	
How much does it cost to make a bookmarklet?	PHP; 	Can anyone please give me an idea on how much will it cost to make a bookmarklet like the one pinterest has for WordPress?
How much does it cost to heat a pool?	Heat; Swimming; Hot Water Heaters; Swimming Pools; Heaters; Heating; 	Per day, per degree, on average, for an average sized swimming pool.
How much does it cost to relocate a house?	Home Renovation; Home Improvement; 	What's a ballpark, or what factors should I consider, when estimating the move of a 1,800sq' house about 150 miles?  Update: moving the structure, not the contents.  (I suspect it would be a partial demo and reassembly)
How much does a FlightScope X2 cost?	How Much Does X Cost?; Golf; 	I am looking for a decent but reasonable launch monitor.  Is this a good option?
How much does it cost to use Globerex?	Globerex; 	
How much does online dating cost?	Online Dating; Web Services; 	
How much does it cost to live at Damanhur?	Intentional Community; Damanhur and the Temples of Humankind; 	
How much does Mediacloud cost to use?	Video Production; Attend MediaCloud; 	
How much does it cost to run a website?	Websites; 	I'm interested in knowing how much the maintenance costs of running a website for an actor are? Not a fan page, but an informational site, with bio, contact, filmography, etc.
How much does it cost to have video transcribed?	Online Video; Transcription; 	I post videos online and would like the transcriptions.  Mechanical Turk? Or?
How much does Quality Assurance cost?	Quality Assurance (QA); Software Testing; Software Quality Assurance; Outsourcing; 	I don't need thorough testing. I just want someone reliable to take a look at the source code of an outsourced website I am having made. They have not entered the testing phase yet but I just want to know if the code is somewhat clean and maintainable.
How much does it cost to be a merchant on thefind.com?	TheFind; How Much Does X Cost?; 	Is it pay per click? How much?
How much does it cost to advertise a job?	Advertising and Advertisements; 	
How much does a Bloomberg terminal cost?	Bloomberg News; Bloomberg Professional Service; Stock Market; Trading (finance); 	I'd love to spend a day with one of these, just to understand it and how traders use it.  Is it feasible to purchase one?  Are there minimum contract length requirements?  Are there ways to get temporary access to one (like on a weekend)?
How much does it cost to build a bridge?	Civil Engineering; How Much Does X Cost?; Bridges (structure); 	
How much do the Bing pictures cost?	Bing; Microsoft; How Much Does X Cost?; 	It seems to me, although I know absolutely nothing about the subject, that those pictures could be quite pricey. So I was wondering about the (tangible) value they add: how much do they cost, what additional traffic do they bring (I assume a lot), and how much of that can be monetized?   Of course I'm looking for rough estimates rather than actual numbers, which are probably far from publicly available.
How much does steak cost in Alaska?	Alaska; 	
How much does BuilderTrend software cost?	Construction Contractors; Residential Construction; 	I'm looking for software to manage a general contracting business with a sole owner, who does about 15 remodels a year.  Needs to have a good iphone access option to take pictures, create quotes and notes while onsite.
How much do baseball stats cost?	Baseball; 	
How much does it cost to have dinner at Opaque?	San Francisco Bay Area; Los Angeles; San Francisco; How Much Does X Cost?; 	The restaurant where you eat in the dark.  http://la.darkdining.com/
How much does GitHub FI cost?	GitHub; 	
How much does DuckDuckGo cost to run?	DuckDuckGo (company); 	e.g. Hosting, Bandwidth, etc.
How much would it cost to buy Pittsburgh?	Pricing; Pittsburgh; Cities and Metro Areas; 	The city in Pennsylvania.
How much does it cost to film a commercial?	Marketing; 	I'm curious about both the average cost of a 30-second commercial, as well as the range. Given the massive variety in quality of television commercials, I wonder how much more the good advertisers (Nike, Bud, Gatorade) spend vs. the lame advertisers (pretty much any car company)
How much do guitar lessons cost?	Guitar Lessons; 	I'm researching lessons and curious as to what is typically a good rate.
How much does GSMA membership cost?	GSMA; 	
How much does the h.264 license cost?	Google Chrome; H.264; 	Google's decision to drop the codec seems partly to do with the cost of this codec in the Chrome browser so I am curious what kind of fee this is and who 'owns' it.
How much did the first automobile cost?	Cars and Automobiles; 	
How much does the visa for Zimbabwe cost?	Travel; Zimbabwe; Visas; 	
How much does Windows 7 cost?	Windows 7; Pricing; 	
How much did slaves in the Americas cost?	U.S. History; History; Slavery; How Much Does X Cost?; 	Taking into account adjustments for inflation, how much did it cost to buy an enslaved human in the Americas? How did prices vary (age, gender, skills, throughout the centuries, etc.)? Were prices different between the continent, the Caribbean, and so on?
How much does it cost to start a restaurant?	Restaurant Business; 	
How much does an ipad mini cost?	Technology; 	
How much does an usual BMX cost?	BMX; 	I want to buy one. But I know little about that, please give me some reference in details, THX!
How much do live lobsters cost?	Lobsters; Seafood; 	
What is the average rent for a two room apartment in the greater Helsinki area?	Emigration; Prices; Helsinki; Finland; Cost Of Living; Apartment Rentals; Expenses; 	Greater Helsinki area: Espoo, Vantaa, Kauniainen and Helsinki. I'm interested to know some middle prices and the lowest you know.
What is the least expensive way to rent a car in the Bay Area for 5-6 months?	Rental Cars; San Francisco Bay Area; Rentals; 	for my sabbatical starting July :). I'll probably use the car every 1-2 days during the week, and extensively on weekends. I do have parking already.
How has the cost per megawatt of nuclear energy changed in the last 30 years?	Nuclear Energy; Energy; Alternative Energy; Nuclear Reactors; 	How has the cost of building a nuclear power plant changed over the last 30 years?  How has the cost per megawatt changed as well?  How does this compare to coal or natural gas?
What is the procedure to register a startup company in India and how much will it cost?	The Startup Centre; Startups in India; 	How does one go about registering the company if it's a) PVt Ltd co. b) Partnership c) NGO d) Trust
What does an independent label do to market a new artist and how much does it cost?	Music Industry; Record Companies; Music Marketing; Independent Music; 	Specifically, do they deploy a street team, post fliers, buy magazine ads, hire radio promotions companies, hire social media experts, and how much do they spend on each?  The more details the better.
What is the best way to ship furniture from NYC to SF and how much does it cost?	New York City; San Francisco; What Is The Cheapest Way To X?; San Francisco Bay Area; Moving; 	
What does it take and how much does it cost to migrate to the US from India to do a startup?	Startups in India; Web 2.0; Startups; 	
What factors determine how much a restaurant will cost?	Dining; Pricing; 	
How much profit does Ryanair make a year, and what are their operating costs?	Business Models; Profitability; Ryanair; Airlines; 	Trying to uncover the secret behind the magic that allows me to fly to France for $15.
What does it take to make an astronaut suit and for that matter how much does it cost?	Space Travel; Space Exploration; Cosmonauts; Astronauts; Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO); Astrophysics; SpaceX; Outer Space; NASA; Technology Trends; 	
What are the best ways to figure out how much it costs to own a home?	Mortgages; Buying a Home; Real Estate; 	There are a lot of mortgage calculators out there - but they ignore the impact of taxes, maintenance, insurance, and the (positive) impact of the mortgage interest deduction.  Trying to figure out how much home I can afford, on a monthly cash flow basis.
What's the nicest car I can drive but not look like a rich jerk?	Cars and Automobiles; Rich Jerks; 	I currently drive a de-badged M3 Sedan (white).
What are some nice things to do or places to stop while driving across Cape Cod?	Cape Cod; 	All the way from BOS to Provincetown.
By how much will a rope's end-to-end distance shrink after putting a knot in it?	Mathematics; Topology; Rock Climbing; Knots; 	The rope is perfectly flexible, its diameter does not vary at any point and the knot is snug tight.   start with the simple knot. take d for diameter, l for length, and so on. more clearly, I am asking for a formula, and preferably a closed form expression.
How much paleo diet fits long distance running?	Long Distance Running; Paleo Diet; Marathons; Food; Diets; 	I'm a long distance runner and a fan of paleo diet(80%,i eat legumes). some toughts?are carbs(sports drinks) necessary for efficients runners ?
How much do moving companies pay for local and long distance leads?	Marketing; Moving Companies; 	
What is the average cost of the driving licence in the country you live in?	Cost Of Living; Cars and Automobiles; Driving; 	Everything included, from lessons to tests.
What has driven the tremendous reduction in cost for genome sequencing?	Medicine and Healthcare; Genomics; Biotechnology; DNA Sequencing; 	See the graph in When will sequencing the human genome cost less than $1000? [ http://www.quora.com/When-will-sequencing-the-human-genome-cost-less-than-1000 ]
What are the costs & benefits of self driving cars?	Google; Google[X]; Cars and Automobiles; Google Self-Driving Cars; Autonomous Driving; 	Why are we so excited about cars that drive themselves? Is it because they'll be safer? More efficient? How much safer or efficient? Are there other reasons?
Vinod Khosla spoke at #FailCon about how startups are a young person's game, in terms of going after crazy ideas. He said, "People fundamentally stop trying things at about 30. After 45, people basically die." Do you agree? Why or why not?	Vinod Khosla; Survey Questions; Startups; 	The quote comes from a CNet article by Rafe Needleman. Here is the context:   ... Khosla also points out that, on the startup side, this is a game for the young, those whose lives allow them to take crazy risks, where the downsides of a business flameout are relatively small. As a young entrepreneur, he realized that when dealing with a VC, "If we win, we win. But if we fail, you lose." Khosla, 56, also said, "People fundamentally stop trying things at about 30. After 45, people basically die.
Which is the better method to burn fat during circuit training: 30 mins of running, followed by weight training or 1hr of weight training, followed by 10 mins of running?	Exercise; 	
What are typical ratios for Gross External Area vs Gross Internal Area vs Net Internal Area for a  2 bed flat in the UK?	UK Real Estate; Real Estate; 	Definitions: http://www.murphysurveys.co.uk/companyservices/gross-external-area http://www.murphysurveys.co.uk/companyservices/gross-internal-area http://www.murphysurveys.co.uk/companyservices/net-internal-area
What distance learning opportunities are available in India for people in their late 30s or early 40s who could not complete their graduation?	Education; Continuing Education; Online Training; Career Advice; Distance Learning; India; 	Is it possible to complete graduation in, say, BSc, years and years after you last tried and failed? If not, then what are some of the good correspondence courses available, specifically for housewives who want to earn a degree from home and get job-ready?
If the rope is 30 m long, what total distance in meters did your friend travel from her starting point to where she let go?	Mathematics; Homework Problems & Questions; Physics; 	You and a friend are going to a river, where they have a rope swing. Your friend, who has a mass of 60 kg, hops on the end of the rope. You tug horizontally on your friend with a force of 300 N, pulling them back until you can't move them any more. Then you let go and watch them swing out over the river. When the rope swing is at it's farthest point your friend lets go, eventually splashing into the river. If the rope is 30 m long, what total distance in mdid your friend travel from her starting point to where she let go? g= -9.8 m/s^2 and Ignore air resistance
What are the best scenic drives in the Bay Area?	Road Trips; San Francisco Bay Area; Driving; Travel; 	All types of drives: city, ocean, country, mountain, etc...
What are the best driving routes in and around the Bay Area?	Driving; San Francisco Bay Area; Cars and Automobiles; 	New to the area, and I've discovered and fallen in love with Hwy 1. Was wondering if there are any other 'must drive' routes I should hit.
How much does it cost to have financial statements need to be certified by an independent public accountant?  What factors affect the cost?	Accounting; 	
What's the estimated cost of Virgin America's current website booking / phone upgrade that has resulted in outage?  How much is it costing them?	Virgin America; 	
What was the final total cost for the new San José City Hall, and by how much did it exceed the original cost estimates?	Local Government; Civil Engineering; San Jose, CA; Architecture; California; Commercial Construction; 	
If the Hubble constant is given as 30 km/s/million light year and the total energy in a flat universe is zero. What would the average density of matter would have to be to result in a flat universe?	Needs to Be Clearer; Hubble Space Telescope; Physics; Condensed Matter Physics; 	I have been reading some theoretical physics books and came across this question. I was wondering if someone had or knew of a website where I could find instructions to figure out and understand the answer. Thanks!
What are some nice and cost effective modifications one can make in a hatchback car?	Cars and Automobiles; Car Customization; 	
What is the most cost-effective place in SF to buy a nice guy's coat?	Men's Fashion; San Francisco; Fashion and Style; 	
What are the nicest cities in the world with an incredibly low cost of living?	Cost Of Living; Cities and Metro Areas; 	
Why does Business internet cost more than Residential internet?	Major Internet Companies; AT&T; Verizon FiOS; Sonic.net; Comcast; Internet Service Providers; 	
Is it difficult to find residential parking for rent in Noe Valley or The Mission in San Francisco?	San Francisco Bay Area; San Francisco; The Mission (San Francisco neighborhood); Noe Valley (San Francisco neighborhood); Parking in San Francisco; 	Unlike other places where I have searched for housing, apartments in San Francisco frequently do not have any parking spaces associated with them.  How difficult is it to find parking to rent nearby? How does one go about finding available spaces?
Can I purchase a house in a residential neighborhood and rent it out whenever I want?	Real Estate; Homeowner Associations (HOA); Covenants, Conditions & Restrictions (CC&Rs); Renting (a home); 	I'm just wondering if there are any state laws or HOA agreements that preclude an owner from renting out the property if that is his/her desire.
How much money does a typical startup engineer in  San Francisco spend on rent?	San Francisco; 	
How much rent can I ask for a room in a shared apartment in Whitechapel during the Olympics?	2012 Summer Olympics in London; Hotels in London; Whitechapel, London; London, UK; 	It sleeps one person and there's also a shared living room, kitchen, toilet, bathroom, and balcony. The room comes with a desk, bookshelf, and wardrobe.
How much rent can I afford on a $70,000 salary in California?	Budgets and Planning (Personal); Cost Of Living; Personal Finance; Salaries; 	More specifically, how do I go about figuring out what I can afford? I've never lived alone before having to cover all my expenses…I've had company-paid rent and car at various times or been in school. What's a quick way to estimate post-tax income on my salary and then to figure out what I can afford, making sure to budget in unexpected expenses?
What is the best section to sit in at a Jay's game that costs under $30?	Toronto Blue Jays; Rogers Centre; 	Looking to sit in the cheap seats does anybody know which sections have obstructed views and should be avoided?
What is the best "nice" Mexican (not tex-mex) restaurant in the Bay Area?	Food; Restaurants; Mexican Food; San Francisco Bay Area; 	
What are the nicest areas to visit along the Spanish coast, between Valencia and Barcelona?	Spain; Madrid, Spain; International Travel; 	
###
How can poor people get their self-confidence?	Poor People; Psychology; Self-Confidence; 	If you are poor for now,it`s a joke to talk about dream,right? And if you are too poor to rent a house to live or something ,is there any self-confidence in you?
How can I improve my self confidence?	Career Advice; Personal Productivity; Self-Confidence; Life Lessons; Lifehacker (blog); Self-Improvement; Life Advice; CareerBuilder; Self-Teaching; 	I feel less confident when I talk with others. Which places inferiority complex inside me and I do not get much attention .  which is not good for successful life. What should I do?
How can someone develop their personality and self-confidence?	Health and Wellness; 	
How do I develop self-confidence?	Self-Improvement; 	
How to have self-confidence?	Self-Confidence; Self-Improvement; 	
How do I build up my self confidence?	Psychology; 	Why am I always thinking negatively and keep on looking down on myself? I just cant build my self confidence up whenever I doing things? What should I do? Thanks!
What is the reason of having a low self confidence on Quora? How can one boost it?	Human Behavior; Self-Improvement; Life; Quora; Quora User Tips; Self-Teaching; Self-Confidence; 	
How do I improve my confidence as a teacher?  I recently obtained my teaching license but I am not feeling too confident in my ability.  What can I do to increase my self confidence?	Teaching; 	
How can one get out of a morale and confidence slump?	Life; 	
How do I re-gain my self-confidence?	Mental Health; Self-Improvement; 	I used to be really witty, smart, and respected, and then a few things happened that have turned my life into a nightmare. 1) I liked a girl that didn't like me back - started seriously doubting myself. Then shortly after that I switched jobs to try something new and more difficult, and now I feel like everyone on my team thinks I'm an idiot. I'm constantly beating myself up mentally, and I've developed anxiety issues even when I'm not at work (just sitting around). I can barely talk to anybody without the conversation becoming awkward (this is mostly due to the generalized anxiety I have now). I no longer make jokes, and I'm not witty anymore either. I've become distant from my closest friends.   This whole process has been going on for ~6 months. Any help would be appreciated.
What are the factors that cause people to have self -confidence?	Psychology; 	
How do I get my confidence back?	Self-Improvement; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Life; Self-Confidence; 	Over the last several years, I've lost a severe amount of self-confidence. What can I do to fix this?
Can you completely improve and build up your self-confidence in a year?	Self-Improvement; 	Can you build up to be strong, self-confident and be capable to stare in to the face of rejection.
How can confidence be increased?	Self-Teaching; Self-Confidence; Psychology; Self-Improvement; Mental Health; Social Psychology; Dignity; 	
How does one develop irrational self-confidence?	Irrationality; Self-Confidence; 	Bordering on arrogance, but still toeing the line on the other side.
How can you get confidence as a young entrepreneur with so much to learn?	Startups; 	Your often wrong. You're rarely the best at anything, and even if you are, you're unsure because you don't know. It's hard to be effective if you're scared though. 
How far can a startup get if the sole founder has no confidence in public speaking?	Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Startups; Entrepreneurship; Public Speaking; Startup Advice and Strategy; 	Presentations, speeches, business meetings and dinners..what if somebody had a great startup idea, but didn't have the confidence for public speaking?  It seems like you'd be at a serious disadvantage.
I'm ugly and poor. How can I get a trophy wife?	Interpersonal Interaction; Dating Advice; Marriage; Dating and Relationships; 	
What are things I can do to help improve the self-confidence of a close friend?	Friendship; Social Psychology; Self-Confidence; Psychology; 	
Australia: Where are all the poor people in Australia and how do you get to meet them?	Poverty; Australia; 	
Does innovation require self-confidence?	Innovation; Self-Improvement; Knowledge Discovery; Self-Confidence; 	
Where does self-confidence come from?	Self-Confidence; 	Said differently, what are the roots to one's confidence in self?
Does total self confidence exist?	Self-Improvement; 	Some people clearly project more self confidence than others. That said, is self confidence an internal state or just an external demeanor? Does anyone go through life without questioning themselves or feeling some anxiety about the decisions they're faced with?
Why do I need self confidence?	Psychology; Life Advice; Self-Confidence; Self-Improvement; 	What's the point?
How much does high self-confidence contribute to good writing ability?	Creative Writing; 	E.g. often I feel like I write horribly and have writer's block, but when I feel like I am confident in having a decent end-result, I can get through that writer's block. But when I don't have that confidence, then I procrastinate and my writing ends up sucking at the end.
How does one develop self-confidence in a way that is not connected to one's professional life?	Self-Improvement; Self-Confidence; Psychology; How To Questions; 	I just started independent consulting and have found that my self confidence tends to waver when there are longer spaces in between jobs. It ends up affecting not just my professional life but other areas as well. I understand this is not unusual for this generation of overeducated urban dwellers, but it feels like a fundamental mistaken view, short sighted and not wise. Which I would expect I'd "pay" for later on. How does one develop a healthy sense of self?
How does a graphic designer who's insecure about his/her work go about building up self-confidence?	Career Advice; Graphic Design; 	I've been working as a graphic designer for five years, but I'm not very proud of most of my work and am embarrassed for other designers to see my work.
How do you regain your self-esteem and confidence after feeling betrayed by colleagues you trusted?	Self-Esteem; Questions That Contain Assumptions; Self-Confidence; Trust; 	
How can I get rid of self-consciousness?	30s (age); Psychology; Self-Improvement; Cognitive Behavioral Therapy; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Social Anxiety; Cognitive Psychology; Self-Confidence; 	
Can a society function with only self-employed people? If so, how?	Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Jobs; Self-employment; Society; 	
Why do people self-handicap themselves and how can they stop?	Psychology; Self-Improvement; Self-Handicapping; Social Psychology; 	People rarely believe or care for our excuses anyway, so why do we continue providing ourselves with one? After we recognize the uselessness of self-handicapping, how can we stop doing it?
How do I boost my confidence or rather get myself out of this rut?	Self-Improvement; Psychology; Self-Confidence; 	just so many issues with myself right now. i hate how i look in the mirror and see no progress and i just feel like a beached fucking whale and like im not amazing at anything. im just slightly above average at a lot of things. i dont feel smart…cuz like i fucking choke on every test on the face of the planet and im not satisfied with anything i do. i feel like everything is a joke, none of my accomplishments validate my efforts because once i achieve my goals, i learn that people much less capable than me were able to do the same with half the effort and its frustrating. i feel like everything i do is in vain. i feel ugly, and fat, and every cliche a 17 year old girl can feel. im over emotional and clingy and i complain about shit that no one cares about but me. and no matter how much my friend try to help, i always think theyre not genuine about it, like theyre just telling me what i want to hear. like honestly i feel like the root of my problems can be categorized into three areas - 1. im insecure with my body and how i look. 2. i feel intellectually inferior because i never live up to expectations or what i know i can achieve 3. i feel physically inferior because i say i care but i dont actually want to sacrifice enough to get to the level of competition that i think i should be at
How can I get an apartment in san francisco with poor credit?	Renting in San Francisco; San Francisco Bay Area; 	
How can I raise my confidence level permanently?	Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; 	I tend to go through phases when I'm very confident -- coinciding with good events in my life -- but then fall back to earth. How do I raise it permanently? This is literally the most important question I've asked on Quora: I've realized that having confidence has been the foundation for all my success in life.
How can I develop the confidence and courage to be a film director?	Movie Making; Movie Directing; 	I've recently realized that I want to write and direct my own films.  However, I have more of a writerly mentality (shy, awkward, hard time asserting myself). How can I work on these trains in order to direct my own movies?
I have started DP. I am not getting it from depth, not getting confidence in it. what can i do?	Dynamic Programming; 	Almost identical: Dynamic Programming: I have started DP. I have done some practice .not getting confidence. what can i do? [ http://www.quora.com/Dynamic-Programming/I-have-started-DP-I-have-done-some-practice-not-getting-confidence-what-can-i-do ]
What should I do if I've lost my self-confidence in college?	Life; Expatriate Life in Japan; Chinese American Culture; Depression; The College and University Experience; Chinese Culture; Life Advice; Psychology; 	I'm a 23 year old female currently completing my last year of college on the east coast. Until middle school, I was raised by Chinese parents inside Tokyo, Japan. While in Japan, my father's company was in danger of bankruptcy, and he left Japan and immigrated to the States. Immediately after arriving in States he was involved in yet another company that also went bankrupt, and my family subsequently experienced a long period of unemployment. I spent my middle school and high school in States being constantly worried about my family's money and being extremely lonely. I only spoke Japanese at that time, and it was hard to make friends in school as nobody spoke Japanese. The only thing I thought about prior to college was how to survive till the next day.  I studied very hard in high school and entered a target college on east coast. In college I had no idea what I wanted to pursue. I chose an relatively rare major - actuarial science, because I heard that this would lead to a good job prospect and earn a lot of money - I needed the money. But I had no idea what I was getting myself into, and did not have the mathematical ability to succeed in that major. My GPA slid down from 3.7 in 1st year to 1.5 in 2nd year. At the time, I considered changing my major, but made the mistake of thinking that I did not have the luxury to put off graduation and start working later. I continued taking mathematics, and since then my overall cumulative GPA has been 2.7.  During my 3rd year I felt extremely depressed about my grades and my life in general. I do not speak to my father more than once per year. I had no other family in the US. I thought that perhaps I should go live in China after graduation, since that is where my extended family lives (my grandparent etc). I needed family. I applied for and was accepted to an internship program in a Chinese bank. I performed well within the bank, but for life in China itself, I had a huge reverse culture shock - had never lived there before, and could not get into the core of Chinese society. I came back to school, and applied and was accepted to 2 local internships in banks. While I was at the 1st bank, the department which I was hired under became the target of a takeover, and many employees were laid off. At the 2nd bank the bank did not hire anyone from the intern pool.   As graduation loomed I felt very upset and worried about job prospects. I speak Japanese and Mandarin fluently so I thought I would leave the States completely. I spent a large amount of effort , applied for numerous positions inside Japan, and received a full time offer in Tokyo. However, right after the offer, Japan was hit by the 3.11 earthquake, and became polluted by radiation.   All my family and people around me are telling me not to go. My father has called me a loser for going to Japan because I "could not make it in the US and am running away to Japan". Right now I feel as if I failed in college... wrong major... low GPA...didn't get a job out of any of my internships... only full time offer I have is in Japan, but I'm scared of radiation, really don't know if it's safe to go live there now...  My memories of life in US are dominated by worrying about money, not being able to fit in among others, having family problems. I thought maybe I could regain inner peace if I went back to Japan but my childhood is gone and my family there is gone, and I'll be by completely by myself in the country, yet again.. I feel like I don't belong here or anywhere and there is no place for me in this world.  I have struggled for many years to try to remain strong, but recently I feel as though I can't go on anymore... I don't know where to go or who to turn to in life and feel completely lost. Any advice would be appreciated.
Is there a correlation between self-confidence and owning an iPhone?	iPhone; Self-Confidence; 	
What is the relationship between self-confidence and authority?	Authority; Psychology; Social Intelligence; Social Psychology; Self-Confidence; Self-Improvement; 	relationship: conflicting or complementing, development stages of each, social roles of each, examples of situations with both, etc.
How true is the statement"the rich in india are getting richer and the poor getting poorer"?	Economy of India; 	
I am a shy girl. I have very little confidence. How should I improve my confidence and get comfortable at social gathering?	Social Psychology; 	
How can I get my 3 months old infant to self settle?	Babies & Sleep; 	My baby girl always cries and fights going into sleep, especially at night time (thankfully she sleeps through the night once she goes into sleep). How can I help her to self settle without the struggle?
How can I get started in industrial/product design as a hobbyist and self-learner?	Design; Product Design (physical goods); Industrial Design; 	
I have started DP. I have done some practice .not getting confidence. what can i do?	Dynamic Programming; 	Almost identical: Dynamic Programming: I have started DP. I have done some practice .not getting confidence. what can i do? [ http://www.quora.com/Dynamic-Programming/I-have-started-DP-I-have-done-some-practice-not-getting-confidence-what-can-i-do ]
How can I find people interested in an Algarve self catering winter rental?	Portugal; Travel and Tourism in Portugal; Advertisement or Self-Promotional Question; Algarve; 	I have 3 months winter rental available in my Algarve ,holiday home, Oct/Nov and Dec at a reduced rate . 1/2/3 monthly.My website http://www.affordablealgarve.com   for photos ,location,etc .Winter sun guaranteed .
How can we educate the world's poor?	Social Models; Education; Sociology; Technology in Education; Social Welfare; 	How can we reach children and adults who want to learn but don't have access to good schools, teachers, universities, and textbooks?
How do you boost your confidence when you started to get negative thoughts?	Self-Improvement; 	
How do I get more confidence about my ability to be an entrepreneur, and to "make a dent in the world"?	Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Life Advice; Psychology; Self-Confidence; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; 	I went to an Ivy League school, have great experience with starting up projects, and a lot of passion... but I just lack confidence in myself (probably due to a really crappy upbringing). How do I get more confidence?
How has joining Toastmasters improved people's public speaking and general confidence?	Self-Improvement; Toastmasters International; Public Speaking; 	
Money can buy happiness. Is it true for poor people?	Money; Poor People; Wanting and Making Money; Human Behavior; Happiness; Standard & Poor's; 	
Can people self-diagnose schizophrenia?	Mental Health; Psychology; Schizophrenia; Mental Illness; 	
How can I get people to my blog?	Blogs; 	
I recently started a weight training program. How can I get a good cardio workout I am constantly sore and have poor muscular endurance?	Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS); Medicine and Healthcare; Interval Training and HIIT (High-Intensity Interval Training); Muscular Endurance; Muscles; Exercise Physiology; Exercise; Pain (sensation); 	I'm doing full body weight training exercise, using olympic lifts, powerlifts, and assistance exercises. No bodybuilding-type splits.  I have been mostly trying HIIT workouts, using cycling, rowing, burpees, and jump rope. I notice my muscles start to tire (usually hamstrings or quads) before I can get my heart rate as high as I want.
If all abishegams (food offerings) to Hindu idols in India is banned for a day, how many poor people can be fed?	The Hindu; Economics; Poor People; 	
How much data do you need before you can have high confidence in doing simple correlation analysis?	Mathematics; Statistics (mathematical science); 	Is there a minimum amount of data needed, in particular for having a high R-squared value? For example, if a startup is trying to figure out how much data they need before a/b testing becomes feasible, how many data points would the startup need in order to run tests with high confidence in the results? Can a blanket statement be made such as "You would want at least 'N' number of data points over time period 'Y' before you could reasonably start running a/b tests with confidence in the results"?
How can one instill a sense of confidence, independence  and assertiveness in a child?	Parenting; Child Development; Children; Parents; 	
How can I inject the confidence I have when I'm tipsy without drinking?	Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; 	
How can I gain confidence in a subject if I completely failed one of the exams?	Precalculus; Studies and Studying; Higher Education; 	Everything that went wrong did. I didn't fail the class because there's still option B. however my confidence in precalculus went completely down. Any of you have been down this path of completely bombing an exam but making the grade in the end? I want to blame the fact that I  have been working 40 hours per week but I feel that's just an excuse. 
How can I convert a point spread to straight up confidence score?	Probability; Gambling; Betting on the NFL; Sports Betting; Statistics (mathematical science); Spread Betting; Bookmaking; Charles K. mcNiel (gambling innovator); 	Say a pick'em is 50%, or a 2pt favorite is 55%, or a 20pt favorite is 95%...how can i compute that or look it up in a table
What is the best way to market a self-confidence ebook?	Web Marketing; 	
Why is self confidence important when pitching to investors?	Startups; 	
Where is the line that divides self-confidence from arrogance in interviews?	Communication; Interviews (behavioral); Psychology; Technology Companies; Software Engineers; Job Interviews; Interviewing; Programming Interviews; Arrogance; 	Are arrogant people lazy, to just be confident and not show why, or is it something else. How do interviewers differentiate confidence from arrogance?
Are there any decent and scientifically proven ways to improve self-confidence?	Self-Improvement; Psychology; Self-Confidence; 	There are similar questions  about improving but there are general and the answers tend to be general. Are there any studies about the topic?
To what extent is not being satisfied with yourself a manifestation of low self-confidence?	Self-Improvement; Self-Confidence; Life Advice; Life; 	
How to Get a Self Background Check?	Employee Screening; Recruiting; Job Search; 	I am applying for a new job. What kind of information is revealed during a background check? Thanks!
How much responsibility do poor people have for their own poverty?	Economics; Poverty; Personal Responsibility; Walmart; 	I thought about this when I read the following comment left by an anonymous person on Yahoo.  The original poster said the following:  "Our city just opened up a new Walmart. My buddy got a job there. He  still has to apply for food stamps because Walmart doesn't hire full  time and he makes $8.80 an hour. You can't pay the bills on the wages we  get these days! We need real jobs that pay more."  This is what one person responded:   "I'm not sure about you, but whenever I go into Walmart, I don't really  see that the vast majority of the employees working there have a whole  lot of skill and education to offer up. Why should Walmart have to pay  these folks more money (and therefore the rest of us pay higher prices  for everything we buy there) just because these people can't support  themselves on a Walmart job alone. If they don't have anything more to  offer why don't they either 1) go work another job on top of the one @  Walmart or 2) go get themselves an education in order to get a higher  paying job or 3) go to a trade school and learn something useful. I'm so  sick of these folks whining all the time!"  This led me to wonder.... are people poor because it's their own fault?  I.e.: is it the Wal-Mart worker's fault that he/she does not have the skills to get a better job?  Is he/she responsible for his status in society?
How true is it that "poor people" are "better off" in Canada than in the U.S.?	Poor People; Canada; Politics; The United States of America; Economics; Poverty; Social Welfare; 	
What can I do to regain my confidence?	Personality; Medical Research; Lifehacker (blog); Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; 	I've always been a very fun, outgoing guy, but this past weekend I got rejected by a girl that I'm essentially in love with. Now when I'm at work, I don't want to talk to anybody, and even when I do, I find that the conversation tends to die really quickly. I used to be able to chatter quite a bit, but now it's like I have a lot on my mind/humiliation from rejection.
Can confidence be taught?	Self-Confidence; Self-Improvement; 	Confidence is often identified as a natural trait. Can it be taught in later life; and if so, how?
How do you distinguish between false confidence and well-founded confidence?	Psychology; Self-Confidence; People Skills; 	In yourself, or in others.
What are the best books on raising self esteem, self confidence?	Psychology; Self-Confidence; Book Recommendations; Self-Esteem; Self-Improvement; 	
What would be the best way to start a business as a coach for self-improvement and self confidence?	Life Coaching; 	
Is hypnotism effective in treatment of lack of self confidence and self esteem?	Self-Confidence; Self-Esteem; Hypnosis; Self-Improvement; Hypnotherapy; Psychology; 	
How do the poorest of the poor live?	Poverty; 	Those that make under 34 cents US (adjusted for PPP)?
Why do you think the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer? What can we do to rectify this trend?	Social Mobility; Politics; Economics; 	
How do you regain confidence after you've lost it?	Personality; 	
How are confidence intervals at all useful?	Statistics (mathematical science); 	A follow-up to the first answer to the question here: What is a confidence interval in layman's terms? [ http://www.quora.com/What-is-a-confidence-interval-in-laymans-terms ] and a good primer here: Confidence interval [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confidence_interval ].  Or a summary of the discussion there: A 95% confidence interval does NOT make the statement that the population mean falls in between a lower limit L and an upper limit U 95% of the time. It instead says that 95% of confidence intervals constructed from various samples will contain the population mean. But considering that we can usually only sample once, it tells us nothing about where the population mean might be. Moreover, various political polls use confidence intervals as a basis for a "margin of error" - which seems off.  Why are confidence intervals useful then? What are some of the most damaging ways in which confidence intervals are misused?
How can inequality in power between the rich and poor be solved?	Power; International Development; The Big Philosophical Questions; Equality; Economic Inequality; Social Justice; 	
How can I help poor kids with their education?	Education in India; 	I am a student, living in bangalore and the only kid I am able to teach is of my maid, how can I reach more of them? I tried asking my maid to get more kids from her neighborhood but she says their parents are not sure and moreover they are not free.  Also, is it possible for a common person like me to raise capital(considering I am a student and myself belong to a lower middle class family) and start a school providing the best of the education and facilities to such kids for free.
How can poor cities generate revenue?	Cities and Metro Areas; Small Cities and Towns; Government; 	
How can short, poor men be truly happy?	Short People; Attractiveness and Attractive People; 	As beauty is important to men when it comes to selecting women, wealth and height are similarly important to women's perception of a man's attractiveness.  Certainly life becomes exponentially easier for wealthy, taller men - is this unfair or manageable in any way?  This is a follow-up question to How can ugly girls be truly happy? [ http://www.quora.com/How-can-ugly-girls-be-truly-happy ].
How can one reverse poor sleep posture?	Medicine and Healthcare; Posture; Tempur-Pedic; Healthy Living; Back Pain; Sleep; Sleep Habits; Chiropractic; 	I typically sleep in a fetal position with my shoulders hunched over. Upon waking, it takes a significant time to "warm up" and de-hunch. I wish to enforce good posture during my sleep. How can I do so?  Can my sleep-posture even affect normal posture to begin with?
What will happen if the poorest people in the world get the best education in the world?	Khan Academy; International Economics; Poverty; Globalization; Learning; Udacity; Higher Education; Education; Online Education; Startups; Apprenticeship; MIT OpenCourseWare; Coursera; Innovation; Massive Open Online Courses (MOOC); edX; Economics; Society; 	Answering this question can reveal the way the world currently works and how it can be redesigned.  It also raises another important question: "What is best education?"  A common reply to the main question was: "Why will a poor person want to get educated? Earning a living and acquiring food is more important that getting educated". "Best education" should include apprenticeships, so that the people can earn a living while learning, by learning.  Also imagine the plethora of innovations that might start coming from all corners of the world when a majority of people start getting the best education! The best innovations might come from the people who face the biggest challenges!  If you can deliver the best education to the poorest, then you can essentially deliver it to the whole world. We can already see cost-effective high-quality education being delivered via the internet (e.g. MIT OCW, Khan Academy, Coursera, Udacity, edX)
Why are the poor people in Mexico so poor?	Mexico; Economics; International Economics; Poverty; 	This is a follow up question to Why is Mexico poor? [ http://www.quora.com/Why-is-Mexico-poor ]
How can I become more self driven?	Self-Improvement; Motivation; Psychology; 	I have a lot of ideas that I want to pursue but lack the extra drive to actually execute.
How can I self-teach copywriting?	Careers; Advertising and Advertisements; Copywriting; Career Advice; Marketing; 	Take freelance jobs? Reading books about advertising? Or is going to college the best way?
How can I improve my self-control?	Human Behavior; Self-Improvement; Psychology; Self-Teaching; 	Like kicking myself in the butt to get off my butt and start doing the tasks I need to be doing?  (Instead of spending so much time on Quora)
How can I raise my self-esteem?	Self-Esteem; Self-Improvement; Psychology; 	I have very low self-esteem. I am pretty sure, though, that I'm a great person because that's what people keep telling me. I can recognize that I have a warped self-view because I don't believe I am beautiful, but everyone tells me that I am. I really am quite good at life, but I get easily bogged down (and somewhat socially crippled) by self-doubt. How can I stop negative thought patterns from wiping out everything I've learned about me being great? Negative concepts about myself are just so robust and overpowering.
How can I increase my self-sufficiency?	Independence; Life Advice; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Self-Sufficiency; Self-Improvement; Self-Reliance; 	Family, friends and fiancee have me in a death grip.
How can you train self empathy?	Nonviolent Communication; Inner Peace; Empathy; 	NVC - Non Violent Communication has empathy as one of it's main principles - through empathy for yourself you can get more empathy for others. How can we develop this for ourselves?
How can I improve my self control?	Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Self-Improvement; Personal Productivity; 	
How can I become more self-diciplined?	Self-Teaching; Self-Discipline; Finishing; Self-Improvement; 	
How can I tell if I am self-indulgent?	Human Behavior; Social Psychology; Selfishness; Self-Improvement; Psychology; 	
How can I become more self-aware?	Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Self-Awareness; Self-Improvement; Awareness; Weaknesses; Life Advice; 	
How can I make a good self through me?	The Human Race and Condition; Philosophy; Psychology; Human Behavior; Humanities; Religion; 	
Why don't people have confidence in Team India?	Cricket (sport); India; 	
How do you get someone to be self-motivated, given that you are very self-motivated?	Motivation; Intrinsic Motivation; Life Advice; 	Every day I wake up with one thought, 'I should be better than what I was yesterday'. This can mean anything from running a faster mile or writing better code. I intrinsically give myself measurable metrics on anything I do and try to beat them everyday. How do I pass on this attitude to someone who generally doesn't care about their job or how they live?
Can a novice get competent in Maya through self-learning?	3D Animation; Maya (Software); 	I am a non-technical person interested in expressing my creativity through digital media as a hobby (and who knows, as a career) in the future.  I was wondering if it's possible for a beginner, non-design, non-technical novice such as myself to get competent enough to create 3D animation using Maya?
How can I get over the feeling that fiction writing is a fundamentally narcissistic, self-absorbed act?	Writing; 	
What are some challenging tasks that if you do complete them you will get such a boost in confidence that you will henceforth start believing that you can achieve anything?	Self-Confidence; 	
How can I get more people to follow me on Quora?	Social Networks (online); Social Media; Quora Community; Following and Followers; 	
How can I get people to read my blogs?	Blogging; Blog Marketing; 	Last year I started blogging, but I think almost nobody ever reads what I write.  What are some ideas on attracting attention to my blog?
How can we get more people to use bicycles?	Transportation; Urban Cycling; Road Cycling; Bicycles; Urban Planning; Cycling; Bike Commuting; Civil Engineering; 	How can we get more people to cycle to work, to the store or for leisure? In studies carried out by the Municipality of Oslo, they discovered that it is not enough to just build more cycle paths. What else can be done to get more people to cycle/get people to cycle more often?
How can I get more people to view my photos on Flickr?	Photosharing; Flickr; 	
How can we get people to be more social in life?	Mind Control; Corporatism; Socializing; Privacy; 	
How can I get people to "like" my photos on Facebook?	Facebook; 	
How can Quora help people get a job?	Job Search; Quora Community; Quora; 	
How can creative people get better at negotiating?	Creative People and Artists; Negotiation; 	As an artist, I feel like my enjoyment of what I do often gets in the way of my being able to take advantage of its worth to others. What can I read and do to get better at making sure I don't leave money on the table?
How can I get my dog to be comfortable with people?	Dog Behavior; Dog Training; 	My dog is scared of people, especially men. I've had trainers tell me to expose her more to people. But then I've also heard the opposite--that exposing them to their fears can set a permanent response and make things worse. I take her to dog meet-ups and dog parks, and if there are a lot of people, she won't play. She loves other dogs and absolutely loves going to doggy daycare. I'm not sure what to do.
How can I get more people to like my Facebook Page?	Social Media Marketing; Marketing on Facebook; Facebook Pages; 	
How can I get the most influential people to follow me on Quora?	Influential People; Quora; Quora Follow Feature; Quora (product); Influence; 	This question is not related to getting a  large number of people follow you but  specific  powerful individuals such as those in  Quora   founding team.   What do these personalities who have thousands of followers themselves see in a person before following him.  A list of such influential people whom the world follows is given here. Recommended Users on Quora: Who should I follow on Quora? [ http://www.quora.com/Recommended-Users-on-Quora/Who-should-I-follow-on-Quora ]
How can I get more people to follow my Quora boards?	Quora Usage Data and Analysis; Quora; Boards (Former Quora feature); 	
How can I learn not to get screwed over and screw other people over?	Life Advice; Social Psychology; Social Advice; Self-Improvement; 	I have been the victim of politics a lot. In a student organization I was in, people would take credit for all my work (when they didn't do anything), but blatantly yelling at them or disagreeing with them in public doesn't seem to help my public image. How do I avoid getting screwed over and screw others over? Please dont give BS answers like, "be nice, dont screw others over" or "if you're nice to people they will be nice to you." It has happened multiple times I had my work taken away as someone's credit. My friends say I'm too soft/weak, and need to learn to be tough and give out the aura that people shouldn't mess with me. How can I do that?
How can I get people to stop telling me what to do?	Social Advice; Advice; Life Advice; 	Because of my position, most people I interact with try to tell me what I should do.  They imagine they are being helpful and often have absolutely no understanding of the challenges and factors affecting me or my projects.  It is lonely and even if I tell then that this is the dynamic I commonly face, they continue. Sometimes I stop talking with anyone, or feel angry. Sometimes I tell them to write their thoughts down since I am open to them, but don't want listening to people tell me what I "have to do" for the rest of my life. I think the last equal and enjoyable conversation I had was over 4 months ago, though the general problem has been going on for years.  Is there a polite way to get them to stop?
How can I get more people to fill out my survey?	Survey Questions; Business; Market Research; 	For example: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dG9ldGZJU3NDLVlrZXg2bmtKRGNSbWc6MQ  This survey is directed towards Indians. 4 simple multiple-choice questions. Also, 100 Quora credits to those who fill out the survey. (Indians only)
How can I get people to fill out our foursquare survey?	Online Surveys; Incentives; Foursquare; 	
How can I get better at reading other people's code?	Computer Programming; 	
How can I get better at smiling at people?	Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Smiling; 	My natural inclination is to look away when I first make eye contact with people.
How can I get people I work with to work harder?	Production; Productivity; 	My business partner, out-sourced developers, all require so much hand holding and do very little on their own without extensive prompting.
How can I get people to have a charitable interpretation of my actions?	Social Advice; Human Behavior; 	No, I'm not trying to be Machiavellian or anything. Rather, I've been in a lot of tense situations, and the worst thing happens when people don't believe what I say (rather, they might believe that I'm lying). Obviously, personal history matters the most. But there are other factors involved too.
How can I get more people to ask me to answer questions?	Quora Policies and Guidelines; Quora "Ask to Answer" Feature; Marketing; Quora; 	I am new to this site and am still trying to figure everything out. I've noticed that you can ask people to answer your questions...but how can I make it where people are more likely to ask me to answer something?  What about getting more ask to answers without setting the cost to zero?
How can I get more people to write on Ficly with me?	Creative Writing; Writing; Creative Commons; 	I write on Ficly (http://ficly.com), a Creative Commons-based collaborative writing site where people can write 1024-characters-long story segments, then other people can come in and write prequels and sequels, also 1024 characters in length. It's quite a fun challenge to try to work a coherent story piece into that short a length, and also to respond to what other writers cause to happen over the course of your story.  The problem is that it can sometimes be hard to find anyone who would like to continue any of my stories (or, for that matter, anyone's stories in general). I suspect that this is due at least in part to the relatively small number of writers currently working in Ficly right now. It's not as likely other people will share any given writer's particular interests.  Other writers on Ficly have suggested posting comments to other writers' works to become more visible and draw more attention to my stories, and I plan to try that, but was curious if other people had other suggestions. (Or, for that matter, would like to come to Ficly and write some themselves!)
Does society get a net benefit from lying to poor youth about what they can accomplish?	Startup Advice and Strategy; Venture Capital; Entrepreneurship; Angel Investing; Startups; 	I have seen privileged entrepreneurs raise money and execute on mediocre plans, while a Nobody entrepreneur who has a great idea can never truly get attention from investors.   In Tech stealing ideas is not considered a crime. Hence the truth-ism, "Ideas are a dime a dozen, it is People who can execute that are valuable".  So, Does society get a net benefit from misleading the regular youth about their probability to create success without resources? Consider the damage caused to those who work hard and long only to find the glass ceiling is thick, then watch the privileged execute on their plans?
How can you tell the people truly passionate about something against the ones just faking it and/or practicing self delusion?	Psychology; Passion; Human Behavior; Self-Improvement; 	
I have a mystery novel that I will self-publish this year.  How can I entice people to read it without giving the plot away?	Mystery Novels; 	My concern is that in order to show the depth of the novel, I'd have to go into more detail, which would destroy the aura of "discovery" for the reader. I do not want to give the whole story away, like Hollywood trailers do.  What can I do to engage the prospective customer without telling them about the plot? Is it possible?
How can a self destructive culture be replaced with a healthy one in a sub-group of people?	Colonialism; Cultural Anthropology; Culture (social science); Self-destruction; Social Change; Psychology; Anthropology; Sociology; Peace; Cultural Evolution; 	In this case culture means world view, self regard, values, customs/practices, mindset, and similar. Basically the human "Operating System." When answering, put aside the question of how "proper" or improper the assessment  of cultural healthiness. Assume it's a case where the existing culture is without question, self destructive for adherents.
Can the world exist without poor people? If yes, what is stopping it from being one?	Money; Culture (social science); Ethics; Socialism; Capitalism; War on Poverty; Economics; Poverty; Political Economy; The Future; 	
Is there a correlation between how much people like Lost and how poor their quantitative skills are?	Correlations; Logic; Mathematics; Lost (TV series); Intelligence; Television; 	Illogical explanations, or no explanations at all.  It seems to me the only people who would be ok with this are those who fair poorly with logic and reasoning.  Anecdotal evidence suggests that my more mathematically-inclined friends dislike Lost.  Here's a great explanation from one of the Quora answers: There is definitely a correlation between fans of Lost and people who are OK with incredibly awful endings.   As mathematical expressions are elegantly encapsulated from beginning to end (even infinite sequences and series have sigma and pi notation), and lines of software code are neatly completed by semi-colons and carriage returns, I would say that your theory makes sense.
How does one get rid of self pity?	Self-Improvement; Pity; 	
How do I get into the Google Self-Driving Car team?	Google; Careers; Autonomous Driving; Google Self-Driving Cars; 	Which kinds of skills are needed? Is it only for people with an academic background? Do they need general professional programmers? Designers? Is there a way for existing Google employees to move to the project if they want to? Would there be a clear path for me to apply to Google with that specific goal in mind?
Have you reached a point of self-acceptance, and how did you get there?	Survey Questions; Self-Awareness; 	I'm interested in compelling events and triggers as well as means and methods, curious how other people get this done.  Notably, there is self-awareness, which may or may not be entirely acceptable.  From there, one reaches self-acceptance.  How?  Did you make changes having come to realizations that were unacceptable?  What criteria or metrics did you find useful?  Did you rationalize instead?  What basis?    Both?  Do tell!
How do we gain more confidence and be sure on what we say (In case people are trying to bring us down)?	Superpowers (special powers); 	
How does self awareness affect your perception of other people?	Psychology; Social Psychology; Self-Awareness; 	(How) does learning about yourself give you a better understanding of other people?
What do you do when your self-confidence fails on you in front of a person you like?	Love; Self-Improvement; Psychology; Self-Confidence; Body Image; 	You stumble and you end up looking weak and stupid. You also leave a really bad impression.   Imagine a scenario: You read poetry, prose. Your heroes don't live on TV screens and you really feel something in a classical music. You have a certain amount of knowledge in your head. You are also emotionally intelligent. You feel compassion and empathy for others, less fortunate.  But one day you meet a person that you find incredible. Your self confidence shatters. It is like standing in the middle of the stadium, with 10.000 people looking at you, and you forget the speech. You feel low, weak and lost. You feel like a complete loser. As if you lost every bit of knowledge and experience that you've gathered throughout the years. A complete failure. Not recognizable to yourself. And days after, that feeling remains. You keep on replaying all the horrible moments in your head. Everything that went wrong, went wrong. She/he is now quiet. There is no phone call, no text and no e-mail. You can feel how she/he thinks about you "what a loser, what a weakling....who is this girl/guy??"   How do you get back on your feet? How do you feel less stupid and reclaim your posture.  Thank you.
What changes in society/culture would increase the self-confidence of American women?	Self-Esteem; Psychology; American Culture; Body Image; Sexism; Feminism; Women; 	This is a follow-up question to What causes American women to have low self-esteem? [ http://www.quora.com/What-causes-American-women-to-have-low-self-esteem ].
What are some great children's books that help develop self-esteem and confidence?	Children's and Young Adult Books; Self-Confidence; Self-Esteem; Parenting; 	I have read both Jamie Lee Curtis´s 'I´m gonna like me' and Eric Litwin's 'Pete the Cat: I Love my White Shoes' to my daughter. Any other books you would recommend on the same topics?
What are the best suggestions for helping a 13-year-old girl develop self-confidence?	Life Advice; Raising Teenagers; Parenting; Child Development; Teenagers and Teenage Years; Girls and Young Women; Self-Esteem; 	
Are there any affordable classes in San Francisco or online that focus on building self-confidence?	Mental Health; Self-Improvement; Self-Confidence; 	I need more confidence around people, particularly in work/social settings. I get a bit too much social anxiety, and although I'm seeing a therapist for this, I'd also like to take a course if available. Are there any courses in SF or even online that have helped boost your confidence? (Please don't say to just eat right, exercise, etc. ... Ive done this, and need more help)
How can i avoid my self getting addicted to Facebook? How is Facebook affecting our Minds? How dangerous is Facebook to our nervous system as compared to alcoholism?	Social Networks (online); Human Behavior; Facebook Inc. (company); Science; Psychology; Nervousness; Facebook; Addictiveness; 	
Social psychology teaches us that Asian people's conception of the self is more collectivist/interdependent. How can this be reconciled with the fact that Chinese people in general tend to be very inconsiderate of others?	Social Psychology; Chinese Etiquette and Behavior; Questions That Contain Assumptions; Psychology; 	
How do you rebuild confidence after failing at a startup?	Entrepreneurship; Startups; Failure; 	My startup failed, and now I am trying to regain confidences and learn something from where I fall off...
How do I build up my confidence shattered by my PhD?	Graduate School; Self-Confidence; 	I'm due to finish my sciences PhD this summer at a top european school, and I've not done great - not badly either (I *will* finish, have 1 paper and 1 in the pipeline but have been to no conferences at *all*) but it wasn't like a duck to water. and the confidence I was brimming with after undergrad has slowly ebbed away. How do I get that back  or at least some, in preparation for interviews and generally not being so down on my professional or academic abilities?
How do I strike the balance between confidence and arrogance?	Self-Improvement; Arrogance; Self-Confidence; Life Advice; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Personality; 	Any tips on developing a persona that rests right there?
How is consumer confidence measured and calculated?	Economics; Behavioral Economics; Econometrics; Academic Research; Measurements; Qualitative Research; Consumer Confidence; Research Methods; Metrics; 	
How do I boost someone else's confidence?	Self-Confidence; Social Psychology; 	I would like more tips in how to boost other's confidence, and how to make it stay up longer.
How does the organic food movement affect the world's poor people?	Organic Food; Poor People; Health and Wellness; International Economics; Agriculture; Food; 	Conventional industrial farming methods seem to have been developed to maximize yield from the soil. If rich people go organic, what will the effects be on the people who live in absolute poverty, many of whom are dying of malnutrition as I write this? It's important to note that American exports are a huge percentage of the world food trade.  This is a follow-up question to Is organic food better for you? [ http://www.quora.com/Is-organic-food-better-for-you ].
How do the wealthy manage friendships with much less wealthy (even poor) people?	Wealthy People and Families; Wealth; 	Say you've got all the money you'll ever need to do anything. But many of your friends from college or life or what have you are still ordinary middle class. You want to go out to fancy restaurants, you want front row seats to U2, you want to tour Europe, you want all the things you can now afford. But they can't afford to join you, but you want their company. And how do you watch them struggling under a mortgage and college tuition bills? It seems unwise to just doll out money-- this could create terrible dependencies. I'm hoping to hear from someone with personal experience.
How can I help my 5 year old to overcome shyness and develop social confidence?	Self-Confidence; Parenting; Shyness; Children; People Skills; 	She's intelligent and pretty (I would say that wouldn't I), and very sociable with people she knows. But when it comes to new situations or new people she's incredible shy and becomes very clingy. How can I help her build confidence to go interact with other children?
How should I practice so that I will be at a level where I can approach TopCoder's Div1-500 problems with confidence?	Competitive Programming; TopCoder; 	I am a rookie with zero competitive programming experience.
What the basic requirements of people to get the self storage services?	Self Storage; 	What are the basic requirements of people who are looking for self storage services for their business or home?
Do people often get injured while taking a self-defense class such as Krav Maga?	Self-Defense; Krav Maga; 	I'd like to learn Krav Maga for self defense but I'm more worried about getting injured in the class than in real life.   Is there any realistic basis for this fear?
23andme reports my risk of getting prostate cancer is 28.5%, whilst the average risk is 17.8%, with a 4/4 confidence marker. How do I minimize my risk of getting prostate cancer?	Healthy Eating; Cancer Prevention; Cancer Research; Healthy Living; 23andMe; Health and Wellness; Prostate Cancer; Disease Prevention; 	
Why do you think people are poor?	Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Survey Questions; 	In the age where it is so cheap to start a business, why do you think people are poor? Is it a social or economic problem, laziness, or another reason?
What leads people to be poor?	Career Choices; Personal Finance; Poverty; Economics; Life Lessons; Economic Inequality; Market Failure; Labor (people working); 	
Is there a way to get the confidence values in SVM classification?	Machine Learning; Support Vector Machines; 	
Why do you think most poor people remain poor?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Success; Survey Questions; Poor People; Public Education; Poverty; 	It's been proven that "a person of any social-economic background" can, with persistence, rise from the lowest of financial circumstances if he or she doesn't lose sight of prosperity as a goal. Yet I've observed much of the population's poor grovel in poverty for most of their lives.   Who's fault is this? It's not entirely on the government or the rich, is it?  Why do you think the poor remain poor in countries where basic education is free, college loans are nearly guaranteed and knowledge on the internet freely accessible to anyone with a library card?   In fact, many poor people spent more time in our public education system than some of today's Billionaires like Richard Branson or late inventors like Edison. These are facts. Answer accordingly.
How can I become less self-conscious on Quora?	Shyness; Quora (product); Social Anxiety; Quora Community; 	I worry too much when I message people and feel so paralyzed by social anxiety that I have a hard time answering questions without worrying about upvotes and what other people will think. How can I fix this?
How can I market a self-published book?	Books; Marketing; 	For the past six months, my class has been writing short stories, and we recently published our book. The goal of this book is to find our school a new building. How can I market this the most effectively? You can find our book and more info about it at Legacies, The Class of 2013 [ http://bookpdx.com ].
How can I offer self-service ads on my website?	Internet Advertising; Digital Advertising; Demand Side Platform (DSP); Ad Network and Ad Service Startups; Ad Networks and Ad Services; 	Let's say I have an ad sales force of a dozen or so employees and ad revenue of $100M. A lot of my advertisers are small and I'd like to have a self-service system so my reps can focus on larger advertisers. How can I actually implement this? Should I have developers create something from scratch or are there good third party solutions available? I am new to online ads so would appreciate a comprehensive explanation of my options.
How can I invest in the self driving car revolution?	Autonomous Driving; Google Self-Driving Cars; Investment Advice; Investing; Cars and Automobiles; Startups; 	I feel strongly that self driving cars will revolutionize our world. What's the best way to invest in this future? There's obviously Google but anything that is more of a pure play?
How can self-driving cars change our world?	Google Self-Driving Cars; Business; Artificial Intelligence; Autonomous Driving; Cars and Automobiles; 	For good or bad.  A few obvious things come to mind, and I know these sorts of things are difficult to predict, but what are some not-so-obvious consequences that can come about from living in a world where most cars are self-driving?
How can I self study Linear Algebra?	Mathematics; Linear Algebra; Self-Teaching; 	
As a self-taught programmer, how can I learn about compilers?	Computer Programming; Compilers; 	I'm trying to write a mini compiler to improve my understanding.  I've found the website for the Stanford course CS143 on compilers (http://www.stanford.edu/class/cs143/) but there are no video lectures available.   Does anybody else know a good place to start? I find the Dragon book too detailed to start with.
How can I publish my self-produced comic?	Comics (narrative art form); Self-Publishing; 	Publishers, digital comics, etc..
How can one cultivate self discipline?	Self-Improvement; Learning; Discipline; 	
How can I improve my child's Self Esteem?	Parenting; 	
How can I self-study algebraic number theory?	Mathematics; 	
How can one self-teach programming to himself at home? 	C++ (programming language); Self-Teaching; Visual Basic; Python (programming language); Learning to Program; Computer Programming; 	What are some ways to do so? And which language do you recommend me to learn?
How can I create a PDF that self-destructs or deletes itself ?	Information Security; 	I need to create PDFs that will disappear in 8 days or 30 days, etc.
How can you learn to love your naked self?	Self-Awareness; Feminism; Body Image; Love; 	
How can i self learn Hybris Multichannel Suite?	Hybris Software; Self-Teaching; 	Where can i get Hybris training?  or How can i learn myself?
How can you self treat a toothache or rootcanal?	Health and Wellness; Dentistry; Teeth; Medicine and Healthcare; 	I do realize they can be quite different.
How can I decouple my intelligence and self-worth?	Self-Improvement; Psychology; Intelligence; Self-Esteem; Smart People; 	
How can one be complete with one's own self in life?	Life; 	This is desired so that one may not need another person to be complete.
If we can't trust the Universe how can we trust our own selves and each other?	Philosophy; Trust; The Universe; 	
How can I save my startup from self-censorship in China?	Web Censorship in China; Startups in China; Startup Advice and Strategy; 	My startup's mission is connecting people and organization and providing services for the different kinds of organizations. But in China, there is NO freedom of association. That means you have to do self-censorship if your website is concerned with organization.   It's an insult to the spirit of the Internet and it's also fatal for my startup. Because I'll never do that SHIT.Therefore, we can't promote our website in China or we'll be invited to "have some tea" then shut down the website by force.      We get stuck and we need some advice. I'll be in California on middle October and I'll appreciate if anyone could let me know where to get help. Thank you guys.
How can one develop a habit of self learning?	Self-Teaching; Independent Research; 	
How can one cultivate self-worth?	Self-Improvement; Self-Esteem; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; 	
How can someone help their friend's self-esteem?	Friendship; Self-Esteem; 	
How can I self study abstract algebra?	Mathematics; Abstract Algebra; 	
How can one be a self-taught computer programmer	Computer Science; 	
How can I overcome my lack of self esteem?	Self-Improvement; Self-Esteem; 	Recently everyone at work was involved in a training exercise aimed at improving the levels of communication within the company.  One of the tasks involved the use of a video camera and I got on quite well, until I had to look at my video at home and saw myself as the camera sees me.  Instead of the assured, self-confident image that I like to think I have, I saw an overweight idiot and felt quite a bit depressed.  Is this a normal reaction?
How can I self-study complex analysis?	Mathematics; Complex Analysis (mathematics); 	
How can I self-study set theory?	Mathematics; 	
How can we help women with self esteem?	Women; Self-Esteem; 	
How can you predict GRIT or self control?	Education; 	I'm concerned with 3 questions: • Are there ways to determine or evaluate grit or self control? • What is the best research on self control? • Also, how does one teach grit or self control?  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/18/magazine/what-if-the-secret-to-success-is-failure.html?pagewanted=all
How can I self-study real analysis?	Real Analysis; Mathematics; 	
How can I become a self-challenged person?	Neuroscience; Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs; Personality; Health and Wellness; Entrepreneurship; Human Behavior; 	I always admire persons who are all the time involved in stuff and become the best at it. Great students, with high GPA with side project or president of an association.  I really don't care what they accomplish, nor do I envy them. I just want to have that same atittude of always challenging myself and discipline. But how?
How can I self study discrete mathematics?	Mathematics; Discrete Mathematics; Studies and Studying; 	I'm taking a discrete mathematics course next semester, but unfortunately it is online. I will go to a physical classroom only once a month to take a written exam. Otherwise, I am completely on my own.  The required textbook is by Susanna Epp. Should I merely read the chapters and do all the exercises?
How can I self-study functional analysis?	Mathematics; 	
How can the comfortably rich better understand what it is like to be poor?	Empathy; Wealth; Money; Ignorance; Politics; Class Struggle; Poverty; 	
How can poor entrepreneurs afford to live in San Francisco?	San Francisco; Startups; 	Rents seem really high.
If women prefer the rich, how can there be kids with poor dads?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Dating and Relationships; 	I mean seriously. All males want as many females as possible. Unless the woman is totally ugly, there will be no shortage of males wanting to pay her for sex. How can there be any kids with poor dad?
My parents are old and very poor. I am likely to have a better future. How can I help them?	Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; 	I am 25 years old , well educated (masters from one of the best engineering colleges in world) will get employed in next two years in one of the top companies in the world, I have good values in life and over all I am an extremely very happy with my life so far despite my current poverty.   Whatever I am today is because of the sacrifices of my parents. In their ambition to give me a better life they have hurt themselves financially and health wise. Currently they around 70 and 65 years of age and looking at their state of health I dont think they have more than 10 years of life left in them.  I feel sad that despite their hard work I am not able to give them anything in return. For example my father always wanted to travel abroad but now his health makes him difficult to travel long distances.   I sometimes feel that I am a bad son and have failed to do my duty towards them. I feel that may be my ambitions were too high, if I had aimed lower may be we wouldn't have been under so much stress.  When I speak to my parents about this that they say that they are very proud of the way I have grown up despite the fact that they could not give me much. They say that they dont want more.  I find it difficult to read their mind.
How can the uncomfortably poor better understand what it is like to be rich?	Poverty; Politics; Wealth; Ignorance; Empathy; 	This is a follow-up question to How can the comfortably rich better understand what it is like to be poor? [ http://www.quora.com/How-can-the-comfortably-rich-better-understand-what-it-is-like-to-be-poor ].  Taking on massive credit card debt to buy luxury goods?
If a poor man gets a rich woman pregnant out of wedlock, can he get child support?	Parenting; Children; Pregnancy; Family and Families; Child Support; 	
Can a bar of soap get dirty, or is it self-cleaning because it's soap?	Science; Soap; 	
What are variables you can track to get started with Quantified Self?	Quantified Self; 	I've recently started hosting QS meetups in my city and members are asking me how to get started.  Food? Exercise?  What's something easy that someone who is not tech savvy can use to get started?
Can I get many up votes if I Ask anonymously and answer my self anonymously?	Games; 	
Can people get you off with their minds?	Philosophy of Mind; 	
What are some organizations that help poor people improve their lives without needing to earn more money or get into debt?	Nonprofit Organizations; Causes; Quality of Life; Poverty; Poor People; Complementary and Alternative Medicine; Money; 	In other words, orgs that work to reduce dependence on money.
What's it like being super rich and enjoying an extravagant lifestyle while so many people are poor, suffering and just barely getting by?	Money; Wealthy People and Families; Social Psychology; Wealth; Being Wealthy; Psychology; Poverty; 	I know and have known people on both ends of the spectrum; from super wealth to complete destitution. I always find it remarkable how warped people's sense of reality is on both ends of the socioeconomic scale. Of course, these are based on anecdotal observations.  How does it make you feel when you drive by someone digging through the trash for their next meal and you're in a $150k car?  How does it feel to watch news reports of extreme poverty abroad or even in your own country from your multi-million dollar home?  How does one rationalize extravagance? How do the "haves" reconcile their morality?  Furthermore, what justification is there for gluttony in the moral spectrum? Does it make it okay to live lavishly if you donate some percentage of your money/time to benefit others?  It would be preferable to hear from those of you who actually have significant wealth and are willing to speak openly about how you think about and cope with these moral issues.
What are some things that one can do daily to boost their confidence?	Self-Improvement; Self-Confidence; 	
In what ways can I speak with more confidence at my workplace?	Psychology; Social Psychology; Self-Confidence; Workplace and Professional Etiquette; Offices; 	I can talk confidently with friends and family or when meeting new people other than at work; I can be really confident and impress them. However, when it comes to the workplace, I am the meekest of all; I dont make eye-contact with people lest I have to talk to them, I dont go out for lunches or make any work-friends, and I am too submissive with my manager. I never let my opinion count.   Can you please tell me how I can improve myself at my workplace? I am not too good with the technology I work on. That could be one reason, but I've seen my colleagues who are even worse than me hanging around with people confidently and making friends. All the time I'm in office, my main aim is to avoid interacting with people and get home as soon as possible. Please help me.
How can I prevent my children from having low self-esteem? How can I prevent them from emulating my lack of self-esteem?	Parenting; Child Development; Children; Psychology; Self-Improvement; 	I have always has self-esteem issues ever since I was a kid.I really don't know the reason for that. I feel very uncomfortable accepting compliments and put myself down when someone compliments or praises me, e.g. If my friend says, "Hey, you've lost weight and you look good", my reply would be, "Oh it's the dress that makes me look slim, I am as fat as ever." Even though I know that I DID lose weight.  I have no issues with my appearance as I am very good looking, but my problem is with low self-esteem and I constantly put myself down amongst everyone, at work or in social settings. I make every effort to praise my children for their little achievements but sooner or later, they will take cues from me. I'm afraid they will have self-esteem issues as they grow older. I know how painful each day goes by for me. I do not want my kids to suffer like me. Any suggestions?
How can you effectively network, promote yourself, and get ahead if you are not really a people-person?	Personal Networking; Professional Networking; Introverts and Introversion; Interpersonal Interaction; Extroverts and Extroversion; 	In the tech industry, I've found that many people who get ahead and are seen as influencers are extroverted people such as  salespeople, managers, or founders on the business side.  They spend the majority of their time in meetings, networking, or promoting themselves online.  For the rest of us who are less people-oriented, and spend the majority of our day in front of a computer working on a product, what are some techniques you've found for effectively networking?
How can I get in touch with the influential people at large food manufacturing companies?	Business Development; 	I am talking about companies that manufacture food mostly. Some examples would be Chiquita Banana, General Mills, etc. What I am thinking of is for a startup
How can you get people to notice good content and link to it?	Search Engine Optimization (SEO); 	It seems to be a chicken and egg scenario.  Create good content that people want to link to.   But once you create good content,  how can you get it known so that interested people can link to it?  Suggestions?
How can a songwriter get his/her work noticed by the right people?	Breaking Into the Music Business; Music Industry; Independent Music; Songwriting; Music; 	How do you get music industry professionals to hear your work?
How can I get someone to stop telling people I'm his girlfriend?	Manners and Etiquette; Dating and Relationships; 	Also, what could be his motivation for doing this? I'm not his girlfriend!  For the record, this is *not* a dating miscommunication. He tried to take me on a date once, and I let him know that I wasn't interested, reminding him that I'm in a committed (albeit long-distance) relationship. My relationship status hasn't changed and we've only been hanging out in group settings.
How can I stop getting angry when people annoy me?	Social Psychology; 	
How can I get a list of all individuals (celebrities, notable people) that have their own entry in Wikipedia?	Wikipedia Mining; Celebrities; Wikipedia; Data Mining; 	I have a projet where i need a list of the name of famous people in the history. The definition of famous is "worthy of comment, news and register by the public", so my first idea was to look at Wikipedia, which already involves a fair amount of screening. Especially in Portal:Biography [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portal:Biography ].   But I have no idea how to get a list of of names from there.. Is there a way to access their API and do a selective search by articles about people?  Thanks!
Can I get sued for making a website teaching people how to choke themselves?	Attorneys; Law; Legal Issues; 	Will I be sued for this? Is their a legal way to do it?
How can I get people to contribute to my site in the same way that they contribute to Wikipedia?	Wikipedia; Startups; Startup Advice and Strategy; User Experience; 	People, I have read, generally contribute to Wikipedia as a way to help other people out. How can I get people to contribute to my site for this same reason?
How can I get news alerts about any of 100 people and 100 companies?	Startups; Google Alerts; Web Development; Marketing; 	I'm managing a group.  I'd like to send out news to the group when one of the members, or one of the member's companies is mentioned in the news/blogosphere.  Other than Google Alerts - any ideas? Thanks!
How can I get people to visit my new news website?	Customer Development; User Acquisition; Marketing; News; 	I want to get users to report the stories that they think are news worthy and to also drive people to the site to read the stories. I honestly think it would be brilliant if we had a news site that was driven by users.  It would cut out all the crap. Take a look at www.thetimeless.co.uk to see what I mean.
Are we born (verifiably) as type "A" or type "B" as people? How can we get along?	Psychology; Human Behavior; 	Are there genetic markers that can   identify our predispostion to being more laid back v. more aggressive and organized?
How can I get people working for my startup if I have no way to pay them?	Startup Compensation; 	
How can we get the A+ and A2.0 people to stop appropriating the term atheist?	Atheism; 	If I form a group called New Vegan-ism and make the central theme a anti-nuclear power stance, I am confusing people.
How can I get influential people to read my Silicon Valley novel?	Influential People; Startups; Silicon Valley; Breaking in as a New Author or Novelist; 	I have this serial fiction novel published (MYTHOS: A Silicon Valley Thriller [ http://cabrerabrothers.com/mythos ]) and I'm trying to get some of the most influential tech bloggers and people to give my novel a read in the hope they can share it online, since it is a serial fiction they have to only read the first two chapters I published last week, but for the life of me I can't seem to think on a good strategy.   They are quite hard to find through social networks and email without falling to the "spam" category and I know I had my own share of "would you review my book?" emails in the past to write one of those.  Can someone lend a hand? What promotional methods would you use?
How can SCVNGR be used to get people interested in a political candidate?	Political Campaigns and Elections; U.S. Politics; Social Media; Politics; SCVNGR; 	We all know campaigns don't use social networks as well as they could. Most simply use them as a metric of "how many followers does candidate X have vs. candidate Y?" A series of related questions
How can I get to know more people when I don't have a marketing budget?	Small Businesses; Business Opportunities; Personal Networking; 	I'm a bootstraping entrepreneur and don't have a lot of cash. I know that knowing more people will bring more opportunities. But, how can I do that without spending money? I don't have budget to invite people to go out with or to attend events.
How many vices would you say most people can get through life happily and successfully with?	Wisdom; 	I've heard most adults say your allowed one. I'm 22 and I have about 4, used to be more. Obviously it depends on the person and the vice/vices, but hell even 1/3 of heroin users are casual addicts who are also functioning members of society that most people would never know are hooked (I'm not a heroin user). So in general, what do you think?
Does anyone have examples of how can you get people to "opt in"to targeted Ads?	Internet Advertising; 	How do you get people to "opt in"to targeted Ads?
How can I get people to take me more seriously in a professional capacity?	Life Advice; Careers; Career Advice; Work; 	I'm cursed - some say blessed but I definitely don't - with a baby face and a voice that is not particularly commanding. Strangers often guess my age at around 22, but I will be 29 soon. I have often felt that I have been passed over for promotions because people view me as some fresh-faced kid out of college. It frustrates me. My bald, bearded friend who is the same age was promoted in half the time despite having a poorer work performance. My reviews are always excellent and I am considered hugely important to my department, but they just won't give me any kind of responsibility. Outside clients also tend to look past me and assume I am some kind of assistant.    My current boss us really nice and fought on my behalf to get me a pay rise, but I've still gone nowhere in the year and a half I've been in this job. I've seen outsiders recruited above me and other people rising quickly. Day to day I don't let this get to me. I just knuckle under and get on with the best job I can and do it well. This is recognised, but just not rewarded. How can I overcome this prejudice?
How can we get people to recycle their household metals in a more efficient way?	Recycling; Waste Collection; Trash; The Environment; Nature; Waste Materials; 	Metals, that people throw out in their waste bin.
How can I get to know other people at Stanford as a freshman this fall?	Stanford University; 	What are your recommendations in general? Are there specific events that I should go to or that are put on for that purpose?
How can I get more people to sign up for my Facebook page's free giveaway?	Facebook Pages; Amazon Affiliate Program; Sweepstakes; Facebook; Blogs; 	I started a blog in November which has been making me good enough money from amazon associates that I'm now working on it a lot more seriously.  I'm trying to use a Facebook free giveaway in order to establish a better connection with my readers, and get more likes. I've had it up for a day and so far there have been no likes from it.  As of this post I have 62 likes, so my reach is not very far. What can I do to get more people signing up? Here is how it looks: http://www.facebook.com/shinydorm/app_143103275748075
How can you overcome your envy of people who get everything easy in their life?	Life; Psychology; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Life Advice; Success; 	At the outset let me point that I have an extremely positive outlook towards life, in fact I take it as an inspiration (to work even harder and do well for myself) when I see such people. But at times it sucks and breaks your heart when you see people with far lesser intellect make it big again and again because they came from riches or were plain lucky, whereas you're slogging your way to moderate success.
How can I get people to book my Thailand tour or see the webpage?	International Travel; 	Amazing Thailand Adventure [ http://go.gadventures.com/AmazingThailandAdventure ] that is the link, not sure if you can see it here?  Just had a great Costa Rica Adventure - but this one is selling a bit slower.
How can I get people to follow my new Quora blog?	Following and Followers on Quora; Blogs on Quora; 	I recently started a blog here on Quora called Mixing It Up [ http://mixingitup.quora.com/ ]. What are some of the most effective ways to get people to see it? Are there any tips to get people to follow my writing? Obviously, interesting content is a must. As a relative new comer to blogging, the idea of being able to access Quora's built-in and targeted audience is very attractive.
How do I get my six-year old to be more self-assured and less frustrated with himself?	Child Development; Parenting; Family and Families; Child Psychology; 	I am looking to counter statements such as 'I can never do this'. 'I am not good at anything'.  Also, what could be the source of these feelings in children ?
I'm a self taught videographer/editor, how do I get noticed and by whom?	Videography; Movies; Hollywood; Video Editing; Movie Business; Videos; 	any tips or advice would be great
If Valve's culture promotes self organisation how does any of the boring stuff get done?	Company Culture; Startups; Valve Employees; Valve Corporation; 	Recently been reading about Valve's company culture, if true it sounds like a great, creative place to work. However, I'm wondering if everything is self organised how do they ensure regular sys admin and customer support emails get done?  In the same way, if they don't hire people in specific roles who does the accounts/financial stuff?  Valve's 'Handbook for New Employees' leaked, hilarious illustrations included [ http://www.theverge.com/2012/4/21/2964991/valves-handbook-for-new-employees-leak ]
What got you through your darkest moments and how do you build self-esteem?	Self-Esteem; 	
How is it that some movies get made and distributed despite being self-evidently stupid ideas?	Movie Story and Plot Themes; Movies; Screenwriting; Movie Making; 	Case in point, apparently someone was concerned that the movie Red Dawn wasn't an absolute lock for most moronic plot in history and decided to up the ante by remaking it, featuring the US being invaded by our arch-nemesis... um, North Korea.    Who is making movies like this?  With all the good ideas that doubtless never get any traction, how does somebody look at this idea and not think, "North Korea?  Hell, if we're going to be idiots, lets have the US invaded by magically animated garden gnomes!"  http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2012/08/north-korea-invades-america/
For a univariate, binary dataset, how do I calculate my confidence in the average?	Statistics (mathematical science); 	I have a set of datapoints that are all 0 or 1, and the average is important to me.  How do I calculate my confidence in the average? How many samples do I need to be confident that the average is not unduly influenced by chance?  To rephrase with a concrete example, consider a taking a test. With each question on a graded test being classified as correct (1) or incorrect (0), how do I calculate my confidence that the test grade (the percent correct, or the average) represents the student's true ability in the topic? How long should the test be make sure their grade represents their true ability?
How to develop a great confidence to do anything whatever you want to?	Health and Wellness; Dating and Relationships; Social Advice; Flirting; Business; 	
How do you balance coming off as being humble but not lacking in confidence?	Self-Confidence; Psychology; Personality; Humility; Social Advice; 	
How do I choose a method for computing binomial confidence intervals?	Statistics (mathematical science); 	I read that R has many methods of computing the confidence interval for binomial distributions, and I don't really know which one to choose. Is there anything that I could read to know more?  I am an undergraduate student in computer science working on my undergraduate dissertation, if this information can be of any help.
How do I gain confidence presenting proofs in class?	Public Speaking; Mathematics; 	I just noticed that a class I want to take requires students to present solutions in discussion, and that's something that will probably cause a lot of anxiety for me.
How do i gain social confidence without booze?	Human Behavior; 	
How do you compute the confidence interval for coefficients estimated by lasso?	Statistics (mathematical science); Regression (statistics); 	
How do I boost my one-year-old toddler's confidence?	Parenting; Toddlers; Self-Confidence; Child Development; Children; 	I think that my one-year-old toddler lacks self-confidence. He looks at me for approval before taking any action. It's mainly because we have always treated him as if he was a fragile glass and would break if he did something wrong. In short, we were over-protecting him all the time. Please advise what can I do to boost his self-confidence?
How do you get people to "get" Twitter?	Twitter; 	How can you help people/companies/brands understand the power of Twitter?
How can you build confidence in a student so that starts up right now considering his main problems are as stated in this article?   Link: http://www.studentstory.in/2012/07/the-top-3-challenges-student-entrepreneurs/	Startups in India; 	As pointed in the article below, the main problems student entrepreneurs face are  1. Unable to believe that your passion can convert into money  2.Everyone tells you to be in a Cocoon -  Everyone tells you that get a job first , or do a MBA etc 3.Platform / Resources / Money.
I have good technical skills and I guess I am better than most of my colleagues. But somehow I always end up getting bad appraisal. I don't know why? I am fed up. But can I be self-employed so that I can support myself ? How to be an independent technical consultant etc.	Self-employed; Employee Engagement; Careers; Self-employment; Career Advice; Career Choices; Startups; Job Satisfaction; Entrepreneurship; 	I am an architect but I feel I am sidelined consistently. When there is a big problem, everybody will turn upon me for a solution and those people will just have intellectual discussions about what to do with the problem. Most of the time they won't come up with anything but fixing a time for the next meeting. Being an architect I need not code. But I didn't want to be an arm-chair architect and so I actively involved in design/coding etc. But I am sidelined when there is a technical discussion involving the "big" people. We end up doing some bad designs for something we did 2 years back. They didn't take my ideas as I was new to the company. But now as we want to scale our product we have to redo stuffs and  that have to be done exactly the way I suggested before.     Secondly, my boss is openly ignoring me. If some technical problem is there, if it is easy he won't even put me in CC and if it is difficult, he will just takes my inputs and mail and I would be in BCC or he would fwd me the mail he sent with my inputs.  I am confident of my technical capabilities. I am providing good designs/code for the products and features and I am also coding for them. But somehow I am ignored when the feature is complete. If they hit upon a wall for problem, of course they will come to me. But when the solution is ignored I am forgotten again.    Third thing is, it seems my company doesn't have much respect for the engineers. The product managers, sales guys get respect. But the engineers don't.   So, what should I do ? I want to leave my job, but in my next job I may end up in the same situation. How can I be self-employed.
Should rich people be compassionate towards the poor or should poor people rejoice with the rich about their fortune?	Poor People; Compassion; Psychology; Being Wealthy; Poverty; Morals and Morality; Wealthy People and Families; Economic Inequality; 	What is the right way to resolve the cognitive dissonance that arises in situations where the 'have's and the 'have-not's meet?  Should the poor attempt to rejoice with the rich about their fortunate, or should the rich be compassionate towards the poor and take responsibility to self-censor their fortune and act self-deprecatingly? Or should they meet each other half-way until the cognitive dissonance disappears? What is the right resolution?  This is not just about financial wealth, but about fortune in general, like health, career, social/romantic relationships, and life situation in general.  We know both "compassion" and "sympathetic joy" are virtues - and both "envy" and "showboating" are vices - but which one is stronger than the other as a moral obligation? It seems to me like compassion is considered more of a moral obligation than sympathetic joy, but envy is considered a bigger vice than showboating and self-promoting.
How do I become poor?	Finance; Personal Finance; Money; 	Follow up to How do I become rich? [ http://www.quora.com/How-do-I-become-rich ]
How will Google convince people to trust self-driving cars?	Google; Autonomous Driving; Technology; Google Self-Driving Cars; Cars and Automobiles; 	
How do you react to people who self-describe as "visionary" or "thought leader"?	Psychology; Business; Social Networks (online); 	You see this in profiles both here and on Linkedin.  I'm of the school of thought that you should leave other people to describe you as such.  P.S. If you can suggest any additional categories to tag this question with it will be appreciated.
Why is it that you can be in an area with poor cell phone coverage, yet be able to send or receive texts even though you can't get calls?	Mobile Phones; Mobile Phone Networks; Texting; 	
Why should we redistribute wealth to poor people?	Politics; Capitalism; Social Welfare; Economics; 	Is it the moral thing to do? Or just the western christian thing to do?  Do we do it because it stimulates or economy?  That $100 we give them rebounds 2-3 times before it is consumed.  Or we really need to make this a government function because there are so many things we can do with it
Why are there still poor people in the world?	Economics; 	Will there always people living in poverty? Capitalism alternatives haven't proven to as effective, is there a viable alternative that would result in more equality and still drive people to work forward?
Why is scamming poor people so profitable?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Tricks; Poverty; Scam Artists; Scams; Dishonesty; Poor People; 	‎"The North American lottery system is a $70 billion-a-year business, an industry bigger than movie tickets, music, and porn combined."   "On average, households that make less than $12,400 a year spend 5 percent of their income on lotteries
Why do so many people have poor vision?	Vision (eyesight); 	
Are richer people more confident than poorer? If so, why?	Poor People; User Behavior; Curiosity; Human Behavior; Money; Emotions; Self-Confidence; 	
How do I get other people to hate me?	Hate; Life Advice; Social Advice; 	It's actually incredibly insightful to get advice on things you don't want to happen so that's why I'm asking this question. As another example, What are some of the best ways for me to become obese? [ http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-of-the-best-ways-for-me-to-become-obese ]
How do people get into ranching?	Texas Land & Cattle; Ranching; Montana; Beef; 	Curious how people get into ranching if they don't have a ranch that's been passed down over generations.
Would you get into a self-driving car?	Robotics; Survey Questions; Technology; Autonomous Driving; Robots; 	Here is a link to an example http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-17989553.
How difficult is it for a poor child in the United States to get through high school and college, and make a rewarding living?	Socioeconomics; Education; Higher Education; Poverty; 	
With the new Health Care Reform how would the poor and unemployed  pay for their Insurance? Do they get fined if they can't afford it?	Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare); 	
How could I get into Harvard or MIT if I am poor, old, have a criminal record, and dropped out of high school?	MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology); Education; The Ivy League; Harvard University; Higher Education; 	This could be the next script for Will Smith. One could argue that in the US, only with a proper degree are opportunities purely "equal". At one point does one give up on these opportunities?
Self-improvement: How do I fix the following self-destructing behaviour? I know what is the right thing to do but I can never make myself do it.	Mind Hacks; Laziness; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Self-Awareness; Psychotherapy; Cognitive Psychology; Mind; Self-Improvement; 	It didn't matter if they were school homework or an Army captain yelling his orders or my German boss having all the kindness and patience in the world I can not make myself do the right thing. Now I am in the crazy situation that I have to write 20 pages on my book until Tuesday and can not make myself do it. To make it clear (and worse): it is what i want and dream, it would change my life and (believe it or not) I have everything already written on paper. Since 3 days I force myself to stay in front of the computer. All the pages are right next to me but every time I try to start it is as if I would force myself to put my hand in fire.
Do parents encourage their children to do well in school because they don't have much confidence in them being able to make a living via self-employment?	Questions That Contain Assumptions; Entrepreneurship; Parenting; Hilarious Questions; Self-employment; Education; 	
Am I too picky when it comes to girls if I require girls I date to have self-confidence and good communication skills?	Being Single; Dating and Relationships; Self-Confidence; Dating Advice; 	For example, I like women who have high self-confidence and high self-esteem. As a 21 year old male just out of college, good communication skills are a turn on for me in a woman. Most guys don't care about the things in a woman I just mentioned above. All they care about is looks. I also find girls with horrible communication skills and low self-confidence creepy and embarrassing to hang out with. Smoothness in a woman definitely turns me on. Is there something wrong with me instead? What does this say about me? Am I too picky when it comes to picking a potential partner?
What are good ways to enhance the swaggering self-confidence of masculine, mature, butch, fit, older men and baby boomers?	Men; Manfulness; Swagger; Homosexuality; Masculinity; Baby Boomers; Male Sexuality; Mature Men; Self-Confidence; Butch Men; 	When you turn 40+ your life and body changes. What can maturing baby boomers do to enjoy hedonism, technology, male bonding and camaraderie and live the great life?  What turns people on when they think about masculinity and the power of phallos. Thoughts about macho 2.0, straight acting and real men.
How do major real estate developers evict poor people from their houses in an area they want to develop?	Commercial Real Estate; Real Estate; Construction; Law; 	
How has Rich dad Poor dad series books helped change people's life?	Book Reviews; Books; Life-changing Books; Business; Robert Kiyosaki; Influence; Rich Dad Poor Dad (book); 	
What are some good ways to get people to remember what they learn?  After training is over, how can people retain what they were taught?	E-learning; 	
How can non-religious people get peace of mind? What's the spiritual life like for non-religious people?	Faith; Serenity; Spirituality and Personal Religion; Happiness; Atheism; Meditation; Religion; 	I have read so much about the major religions but I find it's hard to commit myself to any one of them. I wonder what's peace-of-mind is like if I have ever experienced, as I was never religious. I wonder what a truly happy life is supposed to feel like.
Why do people self-injure?	Medicine and Healthcare; Mental Health; Psychology; Self-Harm; 	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-harm
Why do people self-deprecate?	Psychology; Self-Deprecation; Life; Why Do People Do X?; Motivation; 	
Why are some people self-destructive?	Psychology; 	This is a follow-up question to Would people still smoke if it didn't make them look so "cool"? [ http://www.quora.com/Would-people-still-smoke-if-it-didnt-make-them-look-so-cool ].
Should most people have lower self-esteem?	Emotions; Social Psychology; People; Self-Esteem; Psychology; Sociology; Self-Awareness; 	
What are the ways to get confidence to solve Div 1 - 500 of topcoder SRM?	TopCoder; 	
What are the best options for getting Linux systems secured so that network has confidence?	Information Security; Needs to Be Clearer; Internet Security; Network Security; 	Whenever we have seen distributed attacks, udp flooding , web vulnerabilities, systems are found to be vulnerable having loop holes.  If we go overboard & try to get the costliest solutions it wont help. Win-win situation would be better policies/processes and how we plan comprehensive solutions at systems/networks for better security.
Are poor people  crazy, insane, helpless and powerless? Is being poor a mental illness ?	Wealth; Common Misconceptions; Poverty; Psychology; Medicine and Healthcare; Mental Health; Money; Poor People; Mental Illness; Homelessness; 	Sensitively, personally, poorly and homelessly asked profoundly as we can, why each is sometimes equated with eachother?
What might be the reasons that I suffer from low self esteem, sometimes feel numb, sometimes feel superior to others, sometimes lie and manipulate, sometimes quickly come to hate people, and have various other issues? How can I deal with these issues?	Mental Illness; Medicine and Healthcare; Psychology; Psychiatry; Mental Health; 	Please can somebody help me?  I'm sick of living only half a life.  Even though I try to be normal, and act like other people, on the inside I feel nothing. I know I'm just faking it.    I have spent my life watching how others behave and listening to what they say etc and the emotions that they display under various circumstances.  I can display any emotion, complete with the body language, words, tears (if required), smiles etc, etc.  On the inside, though, I feel nothing like what I'm 'displaying'.  Unless its aggression, anger or absolutely nothing at all.  I only ever get genuinely upset if it's me that is the one suffering.   I've tried putting others before myself, but it just makes me angry because I don't want to do it. I believe I'm better than everyone else. I'm smarter than they are. I feel superior to others.    I will lie, coerce, threaten, trick, con and manipulate people in order to get what I want.  Money, objects, reactions, treated the way I want to be, etc.  I only go out of my way to help people for the 'bonus points' and as 'one good turns deserves another' they can be made to feel obliged to return the favour.   There are some people that I do like, but if they don't treat me the way I want them to, or they offend me in any way, I hate them instantly and will fume for hours, days at a time until I settle the score. I can't let it go and will say nothing, continue being nice, until an opportunity arises whereby I can get even. I don't need them to know I'm behind it, it works for me either way. As long as I know I've got them back, that's all I need in order to feel better again.   I had a child because I thought I would feel real love and affection etc for them and it would cure the nothingness that I have on the inside. It didn't. There's was nothing there. I've never, ever harmed my child in any way and we have a good relationship, as far as my child is concerned. I know this from things said and done, that my child loves me very much and has told me that they had a really good childhood.  My child is now a full, grown adult and visits several times a week. If any problems come up, they will always come to me, because they know I will help them with anything and everything. (I vowed to be the best parent possible because I'd brought this tiny baby into the world, totally innocent and vulnerable.)  I care very much for my child, but I've never loved them.   I knew I wasn't like the other kids at school and, regardless of any bad things that have happened to me, I know I'd have turned out this way.  I've always been like it.   I've seen psychiatrist and psychologists etc, had some CBT and DBT, been medicated with all sorts including mood stabilisers, antipsychotics and antidepressants.  Nothing has worked to change how I feel and view others. I wasn't totally honest with them about everything because I know they would have said I was evil or dangerous. They considered me high risk any way just with the stuff I WAS honest about. Self-preservation stopped me from telling all.   I have no guilty conscience and don't feel any empathy for others. I can talk the talk, but it's just a well-honed act.  I want to be normal and be like other people because I get lonely and everyone else has got friends and family and I have nobody.   Please don't answer with insults or tell me I'm a worthless piece of crap. I am aware of how twisted I am compared to others, but I didn't want to be this way and have tried very hard all my life to be like you. It just never happens.  No matter how I try or what I do, I'm still empty. Unless I feel angry I just feel empty. Full to bursting point of hollow nothingness.   (Based on the info I did tell the shrinks etc they diagnosed a Personality Disorder/Behaviour Disorder, but because I didn't 'fit' any of the ones in their Manuals, the diagnosis changed from Borderline PD, Complex PTSD, possible Bi-Polar, schizo-effective disorder and several others all lumped together.)   
Why do poor people have such little respect for productive people?	Poverty; Welfare Economics; Wealth; Questions That Contain Assumptions; 	Especially their time.
Why do rich people have such flawless skin and poor people don't?	Being Wealthy; Skin Care; 	with respect to Indian context
How much money can I make self-publishing novels?	Self-Publishing; Writing; 	I've never written a novel but I've worked as a professional copywriter and editor for 20 years. I think I have the ability to write above-average genre novels, particularly in sci-fi and horror. What kind of money could I make using Kindle publishing? Would $1K a month be too much to hope for? $2K? Thanks for any tips.
How can I become socially aware just to improve my self?	Self-Improvement; Cleverness; Smart People; 	I am very much aware about myself but, I want to be more active as in the home or society like some cunning people. I look myself as a lethargic one cause one of my family member is way too clever for me as well as for others. So it has become my duty to take care for everything cause its made by a joint effort.
How can a not naturally strong man improve his self defense techniques?	Self-Defense; Tips and Hacks for Everyday Life; Men; Life; 	Assume a man is not tall or he is short with a body structure that is not strong.What are some tactics that he can use to improve his self defense when facing tall guys or naturally strong people?what things can he carry with him that will help him to defend himself?
How can niche online communities become self-sustainable?	Online Communities; Social Networks (online); 	How can their longevity be ensured, both financially and in terms of community vibrance and cohesion?
How long until we can send self-driving cars on un-manned errands?	Autonomous Driving; 	Ex: Send the car to pick up the children from school. Request the car to come get you.
How can a programmer make self-improvement after everyday working?	Computer Programming; 	either in coding,communication with others,competion
How can someone, living in India, self-publish his work in the US?	eBook Publishing; Amazon; Lulu; CreateSpace; Self-Publishing; eBooks; 	Specifically, how does one receive royalty from publishing platforms such as Createspace without a US tax number?
###